I had my first acid cry today.
I put a single tab of trusted, tested, and twice tried LSD measured at 150ug per square under my tongue. It tasted exactly like paper and nothing more. 
If you're going to wait the 1-3 months between uses ..... why not just take MDMA?
Yesterday I took lsd, mushrooms and mdma. 
After tripping I had 100mg diazepam in me with my last Oxazepam 50mg and it didn't take it too long to knock me the fuck out.
I was on benzo's the whole day today too I think, when I finished working I bought a few grams of diesel, got home, took more Diazepam, smoked a gram of the diesel and took two large lines of speed to stay awake and functioning basically. 
I went outside to smoke more and I am walking zigzag through the street 
I heard her sniffing her nose strongly quite a few times and I ask her if she was snorting cocaine
She bought another €20 worth of crack and we headed for my home.
So here I was, in my yard, at 4am, smoking crack out of a metal pipe
I went out with a few friends to have a few drinks and get drunk
You got drunk, blacked out, passed out on the ground, and then got robbed by some random dudes walking by.
Hes recently started dabbling in psyc's, mostly 2c's, hes looking for LSD and other things.
me and my friend are planning on taking 170mg of MDA some time soon.
MDA is usually much stronger than MDMA. I would be cautious with your dosage. 
For a first time I'd think more like 120 mg would be appropriate
The IR pills can feel very "peaky" and the "buzz" you get will probably diminish pretty fast for most people. 
I really don't suggest using meth to study, but if you're going to: never snort, always take orally, and use very low doses like 5-10mg.
If it's legit stuff, it's actually less stimulating than Adderall (using it is d-isomer, which it frequently is), but it sure is a potent dopamine releaser.
I have found it just as helpful as Adderall and much better than methylphenidate.
 hey if I snort 5-10x my normal dose, I'll experience tons of euphoria, why not try it? 
DXM, as in Dextromethorphan? 
This is bullshit just snort heroin before your exams and your guaranteed to ace the fuck out that shit bro. I usually light up my congratulatory DMT bowl on the way out of class so I can ride home with the aliens mannn.
So I've recently been dabbling in cocaine, and surprise, found out I like it ( who doesn't?).
Cocaine is God's way of telling you that you are making too much money.
"Let's buy some coke brah".
I agree it is one of those drugs that if money was no object you would definitely be addicted, that and for me getting good coke in Aus is very hard.
How similar would you say amphetamines are to cocaine? I've never tried cocaine, so I'm curious. 
To be honest, I much prefer adderall to coke - the high lasts longer, and I enjoy it more.
Also, have you ever been around people on coke when you're not also on coke? It's the worst. 
I think you can also sleep easier after a night of coke compared to amphetamines (no fucking way I'm sleeping after racking a couple lines). 
I'd still go with coke, but the price difference (in Europe amp. is dirt cheap and everywhere) and short-liveness of coke is a major factor for me.
When I tried meth I crashed while I was riding in a bus and the girl next to me would not shut the fuck up. 
Well yes, but methamphetamine is lasts way longer than your prescription amps. 
In my experience cocaine is way more jittery than amphetamines. 
If it's good coke I just want more and a bunch just makes me a little tired.
On amphetamine I also keep on drinking, that is the reason your head feels like it will explode.
I've only tried meth.
I personally prefer the feeling of amphetamines. I think they provide a cleaner stimulation. Plus I don't have to snort tons of material up my nose. 
shitty coke (caffeine + ephedrine) is jittery. high puritiy coke is much cleaner than adderall, but also expensive and hard to come by depending on where u live
True, but some people say that coke provides cleaner stimulation. I've never tried coke so I can't say.
Cocaine just makes me nervous. Amphetamines are just pure, power and stimulation. Of course it's impossible to sleep after doing meth but between coke and amphetamine, coke makes me way more nervous. That's pretty much all it does is make me nervous. Meth doesn't do that at all. 
I microdosed on crack for over 15 years.I was already 20 when I started and had no access to kids with ritalin or adderall. Crack was relatively odorless so I could easily hide it from my parents, and later roommates. I had a dealer which I could obtain it from and had 24/7 delivery service and he only dealt with crack and coke. I don't drink, didn't do pot, didn't smoke cigarettes, heck I didn't even drink coffee - it was my gateway drug. My friend did it, gave me some, I liked it and just kept using it. It kept me awake long enough to get through the work day after school and allowed me to still sleep after. My dose probably kept me really awake or alert for about 4-5 hours.
You dabble with some crack, next thing you know... you're smoking weed!
Personally I tried meth before I tried pot. But I had a small oxy habit way before then and they say prescription opioids are the true gateway drug of the 21st century.
There are two types of flavored vodka. 
Because the devil doesn't come with horns and a pitchfork, he comes as everything you've ever wanted. I've tried and loved opioids. Except tramadol. Tramadol was not fun. But I used to have a miniscule oxycodone habit. It was small enough that I did not get physically dependent, but large enough that I was on a routine with it, so to speak. And then later on I got Fioricet with Codeine. Codeine is like the weakest or second weakest opioid, and it was still fucking lovely.
Down here near Atlanta more kids do pills then they do cannabis. The adolescent drug scene is like: oxycodone, Lortab, morphine, Valium, Xanax, temazepam, etizolam, Neurontin, Adderall, weed, DXM. And then there's LSD but it's hard to find, and there's NBOME. There's heroin, crystal, and crack cocaine too, but only an esoteric bunch of people that age are into that, and a lot of them are on that path to destruction. My friend Abigail killed herself not too long ago by ODing on heroin, methadone, alcohol, and benzos. She was into crack and meth too. Oh and everyone drinks and smokes cigarettes.
I know the bay area has a lot but being from san Diego heroin anf meth were pretty popular everywhere. It also wasnt too abnormal to go with frienfriends and bang a little h or smoke s bowl of shit before wr hung out. It was like our version of having some beers or smoking some weed. 
I think I might want to get some crack.
I did oxycodone before I smoked weed. 
Yea microdosing with crack? Jesus, crack has to be on of the hardest drugs to "just do a little bit."
Every time I pick up a 20 rock of crack, I end up picking up another 600 dollars worth throughout the night. Then I'm overcome with guilt.
I feel like this isn't too much different than all the people on adderal. 
Buying crack off the streets is a whole lot different than getting a government regulated medication 
Opiates and it escalated to meth. I stopped short of heroin or any injectables. I used crack as a tool to help me stay awake and also to overcome my social anxiety. But I took opiates and meth to get high. I had problems and I needed to escape my problems with that sense of euphoria. I was messed up. That was only just 4 months ago.
Been terribly addicted in the past. Since a 2 year period of sobriety, I've always turned it down. Don't want to go down that road again. I hate the idea of not being able to have a fun night without doing a bunch of coke - that's how it turned out for me. When making plans with friends, the question was always, "Will we be able to do coke there?" If the answer was no, then I'd stay home and do coke by myself. Terrible way to go through life.
Everyone wants more cocaine, most people just don't know it yet.
Coke is damn boring after a while, same conversations, same people, same shit. This was the reason I quit. 
The same could be said for any drug circle, only the words are different. With weed the first one might not apply but whose packing the next bowl/rolling the joint, why doesnt everyone smoke weed, I had the best bud the other day shit was so dank, fuck we're out of weed.
Well I don't find that's the case. In my experience herb circles are full of creativity and absurdist humor, and random digressions into complex topics that at least seem interesting at the time, much more so than what I described - most coke digressions were either OCD trivia, grandiose scheming or soap opera bullshit - but then I've always wondered how much of that is just the limited mentality of the specific people that were really into blow at the time. I can't claim it as a general rule.
Out here west coast US among older heads (and even at the time among my friends and I) at least weed is part of the background. There's not too much talking about it in detail except among growers, and no one I know has ever run out of weed for even 5 minutes in at least 20 years. So it's just a little bit of hey nice flavor, grind up some of this next but it's not really a topic of conversation.
Yes, I also quit drinking largely for similar reasons. I think coke and alcohol are quite similar in a lot of ways including this social aspect as well as the complex addiction/dependence/safe use profile where some people are fine, some have a little problem and some are completely fucked on it.
I also just don't like the drug effect of alcohol that much, not a CNS depressant guy in general.
Honestly, I'm not a fan. To me, coke was like being on Ritalin and a strong cup of coffee. I can fill my prescription and get a latte for much cheaper. To each their own.
I don't think you've had good coke. 
This is very true. I had good coke for the first time a little while ago and it was smooooth as cream, the whole experience, right up until the horrible guilt hangover all coke seems to have. Still not worth it. 
It definitely isnt a drug that is physically addictive like heroin, meth etc. But habitual use cand lead to just that your habit of using the drug to sleep, watch a movie, interact with people at a party etc. It is not as strong of a habit as one might get from harder substances. Its comfortable to be high while playing video games, heading to bed, or hanging with friends. One might start to ask themselves well why not be high to do this that and the other. Consequently doing things without being stoned becomes less desirable that doing them sober. 
I've been addicted to weed for a good decade. 
Ive been smoking almost everyday for 3 years. Lately its been making me very self conscious and depressed so i finally quit and i feel like i have so much more energy. I can do anything. 
I've smoked it now pretty much daily for 15 years. There are times when I know I need a break, so I have one. Unfortunately, it took circa 12 years of daily use and a slippery slope before I realised this. Now I can take or leave it, however I usually make sure I have some for the weekend as drinking is not my thing... unless I have coke
I think I would disagree on the opiates. At least from what I've seen. Most opiate users become "addicted" pretty quickly, but it really depends on what you mean by addicted. And There's no numbers or accurate statistics on it that I'm aware of, so I'm going on personal anecdotal evidence.
I was also speaking anecdotally. I've known of several people who've managed to use opiates on and off without becoming addicted on a week to week basis. I've also known of people who haven't been able to keep their use under control in the same situation and became dependent for a period.
I disagree with what you said about opiates. I've fucked around with basically every sort of drug. I'm relatively healthy, mentally and physically. But opiates nearly got me like no other drug had. Specifically tramadol. It's not like coke where you have the word cocaine flashing around your brain. Cocaine. Anyone got coke? Should we do another line? I want another line. COKE, COCAINE, SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND. Fortunately coke is far to expensive for me to ever consider using it more than a couple of times a month. I'd rather smoke weed.
Tramadol is like, mmmmmm that was good. Wait an hour and I'll have another one. And another one, and another one. It's not fiendish like other drugs. Its morish. A week later I realised I had barely left my bed all week. 
Fortunately I ran out and I haven't touched opiates since.
I know 8 people that use/used cocaine and none of them have ever been addicted to anything other than cigarettes. Not everyone gets addicted, if you've got an addictive personality then watch out though.
I think doing it recreationally makes it more enjoyable. I've had times where I've gone on a short night binge and killed an eightball with friends and also don't little lines throughout the work day. The best times have been with month breaks. Same goes with ecstasy. Too much ruins the essence and of course could lead to addiction. Plus, honestly, I don't have the type of money to be going through eightballs every couple of days. 
Been using cocaine recreationally for years. I do it every now and then, when I feel like it. 
Yes, of course you can. It's called setting rules for yourself and not breaking them. On that note I would never be able to afford a cocaine addiction. Putting in the 20 bucks so we can get some in a group is a big splurge for me. Anyway coke sucks. I have no desire to do anymore because all it does is make me nervous. It's just like anxiety in powder form for me. 
Some people try opiates and hate them some people get rocked and love them, thus starts the love affair that ruins lives. Some people do blow and its so so but some do it and find themselves thinking "I wish I could feel like this all the time"... Welcome to addiction in the making
I personally stay away because of its very direct involvement in the mesolimbic dopamine pathway which is essentially your brain's region dedicated to rewarding you for doing something that it wants you to do again.
So I've been wanting to try acid/shrooms or psychedelics for a while and I want to experience it with my gf. However, she feels like she's not ready for it or just doesn't want to do it for another few years. She says she's heard that acid is such a life changing experience and that people aren't the same anymore because it changes the way they think. I tried to tell her that from what I've read, a lot of people just think of things differently in a positive way or have realizations that they benefit from while having a great trip. Now im not trying to force her into anything, I just want to more accurately inform her about the change psychedelics have on sober life. Could you guys tell me your opinion on this or how you guys would respond to the whole drastic life change aspect of psychedelics?
Personally, I'm pretty stable and I don't feel they changed much - just opened my awareness of my "third eye" and made me appreciate patterns and beauty in everyday life a bit more. I can never go back to pre-psychedelia and pretend I haven't been there, so there's that.
My first psychedelic realization was "holy crap I understand the seventies."
In my experience LSD can make you look at your life differently. My first time tripping changed my whole life, but only in that it helped me realize that I thought the wrong things were important and I didn't recognize what really matters. Didn't force these changes on me, just opened my mind up to a different way of understanding the world around me.
Psychedelics have changed me forever (positively) but its not as serious as you think. I like to compare it to taking a vacation to a country that's very different to where you are. When you get back you realized you learned so much about what is out there and you'll never forget it. It may have even shown you a new outlook on how some part of life works that you didn't even think of before.
Hi! So I had a pretty decent trip combining 250 ug LSD, 0.5g Shrooms, 200mg MDMA, 200mg Ketamine and 10mg 2C-E and experienced something that I have experienced once before and was curious about what it is. I try to write a small trip report, but can't write much about it, because of amnesia.
T+0h (10:45AM) I dropped a pill of 50mg DMH (Dimenhydrinat) to prevent nausea afterwards.
Chatting with my friends on Facebook and IRC with my laptop in my bed, mainly just killing some time.
T+0.30h Dropping the LSD and Shrooms.
I was a bit tired because of the DMH, but nausea was no problem anymore.
T+1.00h Dropping the MDMA.
I am still writing with my friends and I already felt, that there is something coming up. I started to listen to music. I like trap music the most because it sounds just gorgeous on drugs.
T+1.30h I felt the MDMA creeping up with immense euphoria, so I had to get up and snort the Ketamine that I cut with 2C-E when I prepared the stuff.
From one moment to the next, the reality that I used to know disappeared and I could literally feel, how all these substances raped my thought back and forth. Ego loss at its best. My hallucinations where indescribable. The music made me feel like I am on an oversized festival where I was standing in the spotlight and just party the shit out of me - it was amazing. The unlimited amount of euphoria unfolded, when the drop smashed into my ears. I felt like this is some kind of God mode.
T+4.20h (03:05AM) I came back from my hallucinated world and started to see stuff again. Music was still on and reading was nearly impossible because of the ketamine. Typing was still quite fine though. I felt thirsty so I took a big sip from my water bottle, felt pretty refreshening. I experienced that 2Cs through the nose are completely different from oral consume. Nasal I get crazy OEVs/CEVs, but the duration is only like 2-3 hours.
Spent a full hour just being rekt, to come back to earth and being able to read again.
t+5.20h Memory gets cloudy, I start to hallucinate things like they were like gum. I experienced that only once before on a Jediflip when I started to smoke weed. I felt like im getting delirious. When I didn't focused to stay awake, hallucinations begin to morph and I feel really weird and start to panic attack. Audio hallucinations underlined everything. It sounded like something would break together, but I can't tell what it exactly is. When I focus again, it needs some time for the hallucinations to get back. It seems like they build up faster than they go away. This is gross. This is the moment where I can't decide if stuff I did or have done are real or imagination. I tried not to panic, but chill. Only waiting helped, so i tried to do a mix of IRC and sleep.
Last I did shrooms I spent the last hour in a sort of delirium as in I had just straight gibberish running through my mind and I had to fight to keep my thoughts sane and rational....I came down an hour later but that whole hour I was curled up and sweaty and gibberishy
Swim took like 4 beers and one and a half tabs of acid last weekend and still feels really weird. The trip was okay and swim noticed anything weird, though maybe went to bed before the trip was completely over. (swim was exhausted because he was still hungover for the last night of heavy drinking lol). However when swim woke up he still felt a bit like trippin', and even after a week it feels like the world is spinning around, dizzy and generally weak. Also concentrating on things is hard and it seems like the world is just slightly off, a bit like on the trip.
Probably has to do with the alcohol abuse to some extent but LSD definitely caused it... What to do, is this normal and does it go away by itself? Never happened before and the acid in question was same.. Exercising seems to intensify the condition and just chilling without staring at a screen makes it go away almost completely.
A little more than two weeks ago (16 days) I ate 6 sheets of 200ug tabs of LSD acquired off the Silk Road (50 tabs each, so approximately 60mg of LSD if the vendor is to be trusted). It was the most intense experience of my life and I can really only remember patches of the trip. Nonetheless, it was very positive and I felt great over the next few days as the residual effects of the trip wore off.
I mean, you can do it lol. If you snort it, that combo actually feels kinda cool.
But coke directly takes down the roll. It stops the dopamine flow, resulting in less molliness and less cokedness.
Dickish, but you could easily sell it to someone for at least what you're in it for. Tell them it's coke + m and some people will be all over it.
Okay so I've been taking hydrocodone pretty regularly since late 2010. I've run out and dont want to/cant get anymore so I'm trying to stop. I've got Tramadol that I've been taking to try to ween me off of the hydrocodone. I was probably taking near 4/day they where 10-325 and I would split them in half to try to take less. I'm down to about 10 Tramadol and I can't get anymore of those. So what should I do? I honestly feel alright so far I just want to know what to expect. I'm going to have to go to my current job for the first time without taking these pills in the next few days. (I had a different job before I started).
I'm about to run out of Tramadol after being on hydrocodone for quite some time. What do I do?
My story begins in the summer of 2008. I had to get surgery and i was prescribed vicodin for the pain. I was on vicodin for about 2 months. Then the dr. felt it was time to take me off of the painkillers. I started relizing that maybe 8 hours after my last dose that i wasn't feeling so good at all. I was hot then cold, very sweaty, vomiting, had the runs, my whole body hurt i was in bad shape. At this point i had no Idea what was happening to me and why i was feeling this way so i went to the hospital. Where again i was prescribed vicodin for my pain and i noticed that as soon as i took the vicodin i felt much better. I mean it was as if it magically went away. At this point I relized that i was physically addicted to this medicine.
All i knew was that i NEVER wanted to feel the sickness i had felt before again. So i began buying pills on the street. I went from vicodin to percocet to oxycontin, to opanas, to HEROIN. I couldnt believe that I was using heroin. Never in my whole life did i imagine that i would be using heroin. But i always said i would NEVER EVER use a needlem nope not me. Well before long i was shooting up. I lost everything! I alienated my family and felt so alone. I ended up homeless living in a basement. I lost all selfworth. The sad part is i didnt even care, as long as i got my next fix that was all that matterd to me. I began getting into trouble legally still didnt care. This is how much power this drug had over me. I remeber nights my mom crying and praying that she didnt get a phone call saying i had died from a overdose.
At this point my mom knew i was addicted to pills but not heroin. She always asked me if i was using heroin but i always denied it. Now its about 2009 and my mom ends up getting knee replacement surgery. So of course i offer to take care of her because i know shes gots of pain pills. Unfortunetly, my mom too became addicted to opiates. She began experiencing the withdrawl that she once used to cradle me through. We began using pills together. My mom was a church going missionary that had it all until pain killers came into her life.
Yes heroin has consumed me, I don't remember letting that happen it just kinda of happened. All I did was answer the knock at the door. Heroin did the rest. And while I was distracted it made friends with my two daughters as well. We are all now addicted.
I have been smoking full-on for about 5 years now and it has come to the point that I need to do it every day.  I still have a good job and stuff, I can restrain myself for short periods. All my friends are pot-friendly so they don't mind too much, though I try not to be visibly high around them unless we are all smoking. 
I guess that's what being stoned is to me.
think of weed as something spiritual thats what i do i smoke to feel at peace and chill out but never use it as an escape cause thats where the problem starts in the very monent you use weed as an escape your making a huge mistake you are being irresponsible just respect the herb, control it, know you limitations 
I was out drinking with a friend and we had too much.
 After a couple of hours Marcus was fairly drunk and talking up a rather unattractive young lady. A few minutes later they headed upstairs together. About five minutes passed and John, who was also rather intoxicated, stood up and went after them. 
Five of us spent the weekend in Juarez a while back (before it was so murdery). One dude drank nothing but tequila
My girlfriend at the time got completely smashed by trying to play some catch up. She showed up 2 hours later than everyone else and decided chugging some Smirnoff would be the best way to catch up.
20 years old, let friends stay at house after a party, continue drinking into the night.. go to bed. wake up next day, go into living room where I had 3 friends sleeping. poop everywhere...
My Freshman year of college me and my small group of friends went to my boyfriends family's cabin for a weekend of drinking. 
To be fair, when you're drunk, and you drop a slice of pizza on the ground, it's a pretty fucking serious issue. 
My exgf once showed up at 2 in the morning unannounced after we had been broken up for 2 weeks. She is hammered drunk
t was always the same big group of friends, and it was always enjoyable because people never got destructive or violent and we all just had a great, drunken time. So, for reference, this house had two bathrooms: One downstairs by the kitchen, which was perpetually in use during parties. The other was upstairs and generally didn't get used unless it was an emergency. So anyway, this one party is getting pretty crazy. Someone brought a bottle of 151 and we're all pretty wasted. End of the night, the roommates and I say goodnight and head upstairs.
Hey is that vodka redbull?! Let me try it!
A big group of my friends went out one night after some pretty serious pregaming. They get to a bar, drink some more; everyone's really wasted and a couple hours pass. Eventually the group reconvenes and decides to call it a night.
I know a guy who got so drunk that he asked another pretty muscular dude to punch him in the face. It broke his chin in multiple places and at the hospital he blew a .40.
A friend of ours decided to get really hammered and started his 21st off with a long island iced tea. Three or four hours later we are sitting in jimmy johns drunker than a sea captain after a long voyage and realize "holy shit we lost him." We found our friend two blocks away waving at cars and promptly walked him to a nearby restaurant for some water and rest. He ends up throwing up on himself as we wait for our ride and we carry him to the car. As we near his apartment to end the night he passes out and shits his pants. He was in bad shape. He still made the effort to tell us to "fuck off" and "go away" as we carried his limp body up the stairs to his apartment. 
Got drunk one night in college with a couple friends. Towards the end of the night another friend if ours showed up and asked if we wanted to smoke a bowl. Against the more sober judgement of mixing drugs, we agreed. 
Wild Turkey American Honey is a dangerous thing. I'm not man enough usually to just hamfist a ton of booze unmixed, but I could drink that stuff form the bottle until I needed hospitalization
I prefer White Russians, because that's just my opinion, man. 
I am by no mean a drinker and so one long island is enough to make me lag.
I don't mind Woodchuck when it's the draft (the granny apple is too sweet), but only if there's nothing better around. Woodchuck is bottom of the barrel to me.
I just like Strongbow's taste. Curiously, we don't have premium cider in the states, we just have beer and (pitifully few) bottled ciders. It's hard to find a bar that serves cider at all, and draft cider is even more rare. I would love to check out premium draft ciders someday.
My first foray into drinking was stealing my mom's gin and taking shots of it. Ever since then I have hated it (we all have one if not more). I just remember how horrible it was warm.
So, of course, for all my friends 21st birthdays I would always request the bartender to warm up slightly a shot of their lowest shelf gin - my friends and I always tried to come up with new horrible shots to make each other drink for our 21st birthdays. They almost always puked on that one haha... Simple and effective.
Usually I mix it with Diet Cola but I'll often drink it straight. My favorite is Jack Daniels but I'll mainly buy Evan Williams because it's so much cheaper and tastes so similar to it. I'm actually branching out a bit and trying other whiskeys but as of now EW is the current best bang for buck in my house.
In my bar, I would pour you an ounce and a half of scotch and three quarters of an ounce of drambuie. Then I would upcharge for the drambuie. It would scarcely be a full glass of "whiskey," and I would probably disagree with your choice of adding anything to your scotch. 
I like my drinks strong and bitter.
If i'm making a mix drink then it is a lime rickey. Gin, limeade, dash of sprite, crushed ice. 
Whiskey straight, red wine, or a stout depending on my mood. Bonus story: I once overheard a young law student type order two shots of bourbon "clean". Gave me a good laugh and I felt way more manly than them (I'm female)
It depends. If I want to get drunk as quickly as possible, a screwdriver with 80% Vodka. If I want to actually enjoy it, shots of Svedka or Jeremiah Weed Iced Tea.
I can't drink beer for some reason. My stomach just repels it.
I have three, one of which is actually named after me at my local bar: one part malibu red, one part new orleans spiced rum (red bottle is best) four parts pineapple juice, splash of grenadine. Two: whiskey old fashioned. I prefer harsher whiskey for this one. Three: reverse sazerac, i.e. coat the glass in rye whiskey and use absinthe as the alcohol base. As a side note, if you use hibiscus bitters (the bartender i spoke to made his own) it's even better.
Just bought some Midnight Moon apple pie moonshine last week which is amazing, its like apple juice with a burn. The jar has a cinnamon stick in it to add to the flavor, its great. I also love disaronno, makers mark, and southern comfort (occasionally mixed with lime).
I'm a simple man. Bacardi 151 and vanilla coke. No matter the social situation, I always go for at least SOME form of rum and coke.
Straight white tequila. I don't like to drink it as a shooter though, I like to have a slice of lime with it. I'll take a tiny tiny sip of the tequila (about as small of a drink as possible) then I'll take a little nibble of the lime.
I remember when I went to Mexico, I thought that I would be able to show off my tequila drinking skills to the mexicans that I met. I did the normal american thing the first chance I got, put some salt on my hand, licked it off, took a shot, and chomped on a lime. They looked at me like I was an idiot. After taking about 4 shots or so like this, one of them looked at me and said, "What are you doing man!? You're wasting your tequila!!"
Turns out that just about everyone I met down there didn't drink tequila like a shooter, they just sipped on it like it was a cognac along with nibbling on a lime. I thought that was extremely odd, but I was willing to give it a shot..
Now, that's the only way I drink tequila. If you haven't tried taking tiny sips of tequila followed by a nibble of lime, try drinking tequila like that for one night. It's fricking awesome.
I always enjoyed drinking Smirnoff Ice.
I'm also probably a huge douche for liking Smirnoff Ice but eh fuck it.
If i'm just hanging out: beer
If i'm just hanging out, but want more than beer: rum and coke
If i intend to get drunk, but care about the journey there: rum drinks, shots of various others
If i intend to get drunk, fast: anything
I love me a Liquid Marijuana.
The drink is a nice green color, like you'd imagine the Hulk's piss, and it has nice, sweet taste that masks any liquor.
I don't have the ability to hold down much liquor if I drink it straight, eventually I start to gag as soon as I pour it into my mouth. But with a mixed drink like a liquid marijuana, I can drink without gagging, and get in my sugary-drink cravings at the same time.

