You may think you have the worst job in America—but are you always on call and facing a deadline, working in a high-stress environment, all for very little pay? Do you routinely work outdoors on the hottest and coldest days of the year? Does your work constantly put you at risk of severe injury or death? If not, you probably don’t have one of the worst jobs.

The career guidance website CareerCast.com has evaluated 200 professions across a wide variety of industries, skill levels and salary ranges to determine the best and worst jobs of 2013. To measure each job CareerCast.com used four core criteria: pay, outlook, work environment, and stress. It gathered data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Census Bureau, trade association studies and other sources.

CareerCast.com broke each category into elements and gave each element points. In the final result, a higher point total means a less desirable job, and a lower score reflects a more desirable one.

Thanks to ever-shrinking newsrooms, dwindling budgets, and competition from online news organizations—newspaper reporter ranks as the nation’s worst job for 2013.

Tony Lee, publisher of CareerCast.com, says the profession has always been ranked among the worst jobs due to low pay, high levels of stress from working under deadlines, a poor hiring outlook and the requirement to be on duty twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. “But with newspapers cutting back so dramatically, the job actually has a negative growth outlook, meaning there will be fewer newspaper reporters in the future.”

The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics anticipates that the number of traditional print newspapers reporter jobs will decline 6% by 2020. The median salary for these professionals—which is currently a meager $36,000 a year—is also expected to shrink.

Lumberjack is the second worst job of 2013, due to the “hazardous working conditions, a likelihood of breaking or losing a limb on the job, and poor hiring prospects because of low demand for lumber due to less construction,” says Lee.


Also known as loggers, lumberjacks typically harvest, cut and transport timber to be processed into lumber, paper and other wood products. Lumberjacks perform strenuous labor in hostile environments, and the work is often intermittent and low-paying. The profession, like others on the list, has a history of high unemployment. Midlevel pay for lumberjacks, which was the worst job of all in 2012, now totals $32,870.

Enlisted military personnel—the most stressful job of 2013, according to CareerCast—ranked as the third worst job this year because “their lives are on the line, daily,” Lee says. “They are away from home for long stretches of time and with the draw-down, many are being pushed out of the military even though they want to make it a career.” The men and women who volunteer in the Armed Forces are routinely placed in dangerous situations—but the good news is, as the military draws down, fewer soldiers will be needed, Lee says.

Elsewhere on the list of “worst jobs”: Actor, oil rig worker, and dairy farmer.

“Earning a living as an actor has become even more difficult as more people enter the field, while the number of professional positions–those that pay–have fallen through the recession,” Lee explains.

Oil rig worker, which was the worst job of 2011, is now in the No. 5 spot. They put in long, brutal hours, often isolated from family and friends for weeks at a time.

Meanwhile, No. 6 dairy farmer ranked so poorly because these professionals are required to “work outdoors in all weather conditions, at all hours, with very large animals that step on their feet and break limbs,” Lee says. “Plus, they compete with corporate dairy producers so earnings are down.”

Most professions on the worst jobs list do not require a high school diploma–whereas a college degree or advanced training is necessary for nearly all of the top-rated jobs.


Many of the best jobs for 2013 also require proficiency in science, math or technology, and most aren’t dangerous, physically demanding, or highly stressful, according to CareerCast.

In Pictures: The Best And Worst Jobs For 2013

At the other end of the spectrum we have the best jobs for 2013. At the top of the heap: Actuary.

According to the BLS, actuaries analyze statistical data, such as mortality, accident, sickness, disability, and retirement rates and construct probability tables to forecast risk and liability for payment of future benefits. They also might ascertain insurance rates required and cash reserves necessary to ensure payment of future benefits.

“Actuary is a top-rated job because it performs very well in all of the criteria we measure,” Lee says, “There simply aren’t enough actuaries to fill the growing demand among a wide range of employers, which will keep actuaries ranked highly for years to come.”

Lee says the profession was once limited to the insurance industry, “but now more companies in all different industries need professionals with actuary science skills.”

The median pay for an actuary is $87,650 a year—and the number of jobs in this profession is expected to grow by 27% (by 2020), according to the BLS.

The second best job this year is biomedical engineer. This profession is new to the CareerCast ranking this year. The projected job growth for biomedical engineer is 62%–and professionals in this field make about $81,540 a year, on average.

What do they do?


According to the BLS, they apply knowledge of engineering, biology, and biomechanical principles to the design, development, and evaluation of biological and health systems and products, such as artificial organs, prostheses, instrumentation, medical information systems, and heath management and care delivery systems. Their goal is to improve the quality and effectiveness of patient care.

“This is a hot new field that combines health care and engineering, so that engineers work with physicians and medical experts to design new equipment,” Lee adds.

Thanks partly to our infatuation with cell phone apps and cloud computing, a few technical positions landed at the top of the list this year. The No. 3 job, software engineer, requires computer knowledge, skill with numbers and an ability to design and create software. “We are in a technological revolution right now, and there is heated demand for software engineers,” Lee says. The profession is considered a low stress one with good pay and a positive hiring outlook.

Median annual pay for software engineers totals $90,530. The projected job growth for the profession: 30%.

CareerCast.com, which has ranked the best and worst jobs in America for 25 years, seeks to find professions that provide the best overall experience for employees, not just jobs that shine in one particular area.

“We hear from many middle school and high school teachers that their students don’t have realistic expectations about the working world, and our list helps them understand what makes one job better than another,” Lee says. “It also allows them to start preparing for careers they will find fulfilling that will reward them through the years with increasingly better opportunities.”
The world is going digital, and Software Engineers who can help with that transformation are reaping the benefits. Their pay is great, hiring demand for their skills is through the roof, and working conditions have never been better. And that’s why the job of Software Engineer ranks tops in our annual Jobs Rated report on the nation’s best and worst jobs for 2012.

Of course, any job may seem like the best job if you’re unemployed and the improving economy hasn’t ushered you back into the workforce. But there are qualities that make some professions more desirable than the rest of the pack. Again this year our researchers looked high and low to find those occupations that ranked the best in five key areas: Work Environment, Physical Demands, Job Outlook, Income Levels and Stress. And it should be no surprise that Software Engineer ranks No. 1, followed by Actuary, Human Resources Manager, Dental Hygienist and Financial Planner.

“I absolutely agree that Software Engineers have the best job. I love my job and most of the people who are drawn to this field are passionate about it,” says Phil Danne, Lead Software Engineer for Livio Radio in Michigan. Although there are ample job opportunities for qualified Software Engineers, Danne warns recent graduates, “You can't earn your college degree and bank on just those skills for the rest of your career. You have to constantly be seeking out latest knowledge and skills to succeed.”

This year, there are several professions that are making their inaugural appearance on our Jobs Rated Top 10 Best Jobs list.  Human Resources Manager ,  Financial Planner , Occupational Therapist and Online Advertising Manager are all rated as a Top 10 Best Job for the first time due to a combination of high incomes, great environments, good job growth and relatively low unemployment rates.

Employment growth for  Human Resources Managers, for example, is projected to be a very healthy 21% thru 2020, which is on par with most medical professions, according to The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. If you mix their job outlook scores with their income levels (19th on our Jobs Rated list) and throw in the low physical demands, relatively safe work environment and low-to-moderate stress levels, HR Managers should rightly be listed as a Best Job.

"Every organization has a need for a Human Resources professional. Companies big and small need someone who is skilled in HR," says Pat Kuhl, Vice President of Human Resources for a Maryland health care system. Today, professionals in Human Resources have more of a strategic role than ever before. “We are relied upon to make sure the needs of the employee are in sync with the company’s goals and in support of the organization’s mission," says Kuhl, who adds, “It’s not always an easy job, but it is very rewarding.”

With the increase in digital computing demands and healthcare needs, it makes sense that most of the professions on our Best Jobs list this year are related to the fields of math, science and healthcare.

American researchers have found that a statistician who calculates premiums for the insurance world was rated as someone with the “best job”.
The actuary profession came out on top of dozens of jobs, which were ranked by “physical demands, work environment, income, stress and hiring outlook”.
Today’s survey concluded that being a biomedical engineer was next best, followed by software engineer – the top job in the same survey last year – audiologist and financial planner.
Other top careers include being a dental hygienist, an occupational therapist, optometrist, physical therapist while being a computer systems analyst rounds out the top 10.
At the other end of the spectrum are newspaper reporters, who have been found to have the worst jobs out of the list of 200 professions, having plunged four places from last year’s survey.

Just above them were lumberjacks – one of the most dangerous professions – “enlisted military personnel”, actors and being an “oil rig worker” rounded out the five worst jobs to be employed in.
According to the survey by CareerCast.com, a US-based jobs website, actuaries – people who put a financial value on risk and determine the chances of accidents, sickness and death – were booming for a number of reasons.
Experts explained that reasons included people looking for someone to understand rapid changes in American laws and to help them interpret “natural and man-made” risks.
Improved technology also meant more complex tasks could be tackled, according to the survey, which was first created in 1988.
Tony Lee, the website’s publisher, told the Wall Street Journal, that duo the “severe shortage” of people in the profession, wages was rapidly rising.
According to survey, the average salary for actuaries is $US91,211 (almost £60,000).
Mr Lee said that several of the popular professions helped people with their financial and health needs in an ageing population such as audiologists, financial planners and physical therapists.
Speaking about newspaper journalists, Mr Lee said: “It’s been low for a while. What probably pushed it to the bottom is that several things got worse.
“Job prospects decreased, the average salary continued to fall, and work hours continued to rise. Those factors also make the job more stressful.”
According to figures from the American Labor Department, the average salary for a newspaper reporter in 2010 was $36,000 (about £23,000).
The survey used data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and other government agencies to determine the rankings.
The best and worst 200 jobs
1 Actuary
2 Biomedical engineer
3 Software engineer
4 Audiologist
5 Financial planner
6 Dental hygienist
7 Occupational therapist
8 Optometrist
9 Physical therapist
10 Computer systems analyst
11 Chiropractor
12 Speech pathologist
13 Physiologist
14 University professor
15 Veterinarian
16 Dietician
17 Pharmacist
18 Mathematician
19 Sociologist
20 Statistician
21 Physicist
22 Optician
23 Podiatrist
24 Website developer
25 Historian
26 Environmental engineer
27 Parole officer
28 Petroleum engineer
29 Meteorologist
30 Geologist
31 Human resources manager
32 Civil engineer
33 Orthodontist
34 Respiratory therapist
35 Medical records technician
36 Astronomer
37 Psychiatrist
38 Computer programmer
39 Social and community manager
40 Market research analyst
41 Paralegal assistant
42 Dentist
43 Skincare specialist
44 Industrial machine repairer
45 Doctor (general practice)
46 Logistician
47 Accountant
48 Management consultant
49 Social worker
50 Physician assistant
51 Surgeon
52 Vocational counselor
53 Bricklayer
54 Surveyor
55 Nurse (registered)
56 Archeologist
57 Museum curator
58 Psychologist
59 Glazier
60 Technical writer
61 Architect
62 Event co-ordinator
63 Occupational safety/ health inspector
64 Loan officer
65 Nuclear decontamination technician
66 Plumber
67 Medical technologist
68 Stenographer/ court reporter
69 Recruiter
70 Biologist
71 Bookkeeper
72 Medical laboratory technician
73 Insurance underwriter
74 Public relations executive
75 Executive assistant
76 Electrician
77 Automobile body repairer
78 Insurance agent
79 Judge
80 Nuclear engineer
81 Online sales manager
82 Mechanical engineer
83 Hair stylist
84 Communications equipment mechanic
85 Tax official/ collector
86 Receptionist
87 Sewage plant operator
88 librarian
89 Industrial designer
90 School principal
91 Zoologist
92 Anthropologist
93 Primary school teacher
94 Construction/ building inspector
95 Pest control worker
96 Emergency medical officer
97 Industrial engineer
98 Electrical engineer
99 Nurse (Licensed practical)
100 Aerospace engineer
101 Teacher's aide
102 Construction foreman
103 Automobile mechanic
104 Stockbroker
105 Security guard
106 Fitness instructor
107 Chauffeur
108 Truck driver
109 Purchasing agent
110 Clergy
111 Typist
112 Forklift operator
113 Computer service technician
114 Architectural drafter
115 Appliance repairer
116 Funeral director
117 Lawyer
118 Ironworker
119 Economist
120 Sales Representative (wholesale)
121 Recreation worker
122 Agricultural scientist
123 Animal care and service worker
124 Advertising account executive
125 Construction machinery operator
126 Chemist
127 Purchasing manager
128 Broadcast technician
129 Airline pilot
130 Nurse's aide
131 Medical secretary
132 Electrical technician
133 Conservationist
134 Machinist
135 Advertising salesman
136 Dental laboratory technician
137 Child care worker
138 Film/video editor
139 Furniture upholsterer
140 Salesman (retail)
141 jeweller
142 Choreographer
143 Drill-press operator
144 Machine tool operator
145 Sheet metal worker
146 Taxi driver
147 Carpenter
148 Artist
149 Aircraft mechanic
150 Bartender
151 Electrical equipment repairer
152 Real estate agent
153 Janitor
154 Engineering technician
155 Corporate executive (senior)
156 Author
157 Bus driver
158 Welder
159 Hotel manager
160 Garbage collector
161 Stationary engineer
162 Bank teller
163 Seaman
164 Carpet/tile installer
165 Shipping/receiving clerk
166 Police officer
167 Firefighter
168 Publication editor
169 Cashier
170 Air Traffic controller
171 Construction worker
172 Photographer
173 Seamstress/ tailor
174 Painter
175 Car assembler
176 Precision assembler
177 Buyer
178 Dockworker
179 Disc jockey
180 Military general
181 Maid
182 Fashion designer
183 Butcher
184 Broadcaster
185 Waiter/ waitress
186 Tax preparer
187 Dishwasher
188 Photojournalist
189 Corrections officer
190 Farmer
191 Flight attendant
192 Roofer
193 Mail carrier
194 Meter reader
195 Dairy farmer
196 Oil rig worker
197 Actor
198 Enlisted military personnel
199 Lumberjack
200 Newspaper reporter

More than one year after President Barack Obama signed health care reform into law, one thing hasn't changed: doctors are well paid.

The Bureau Of Labor Statistics has released its annual Occupational Employment and Wages report, and the top-paying industries are dominated by health care professionals. In fact, nine of the 10 highest-paid jobs in America are in the health care industry. The only other group that made the top 10 is corporate executives.

The report, which examines nearly 800 jobs across America, finds that the annual mean wages for all occupations is $44,410, only a slight increase from last year. Average hourly wages are $16.27, up from $15.95.

Perhaps not surprisingly, the most prevalent jobs are also the lowest paid. The 10 most populated occupations alone account for 20 percent of the country's employment, for example. These jobs, which include cashiers, restaurant workers and registered nurses, often pay less than $20 per hour.

In 1950, when a woman applied for a job, she had to include her height and weight on her resume. Since then, women in the CPA profession – and in the workforce as a whole – have made great progress with regard to advancement and opportunities for leadership. According to the groundbreaking Shriver Report released in 2009, for the first time in our nation’s history, women are half of all U.S. workers and mothers are the primary breadwinners or co-breadwinners in nearly two-thirds of American families. This is a dramatic shift from just a generation ago (in 1967 women made up only one-third of all workers). 
 
AICPA’s Focus on Women
As part of its focus on the CPA pipeline – that is the number and quality of people entering and leaving the profession – the AICPA has been making strides to educate its members on trends and issues affecting women CPAs.
 
In 1989, the AICPA created the Upward Mobility of Women Task Force in response to the increase in the number of women in the profession, and to address the issues of work/life balance that naturally come with more working mothers. Over the years, that task force evolved into what is now the Women’s Initiatives Executive Committee (WIEC), the AICPA’s driving force for women’s programs and outreach.
 
The WIEC’s goal is to promote a work environment that provides opportunities for the advancement of women to leadership positions, and the successful integration of personal and professional lives. To accomplish this, the WIEC has created a number of resources and outreach programs to educate and support both individual women and organizations. Here we cover the trends and challenges, outline some strategies for success, and provide an overview of some of the valuable resources the AICPA and the WIEC have developed to help.
 
The Business Case
Addressing the issue of women’s retention and advancement is not just a “nice” thing to do – it is a strategic business imperative. If the WIEC had a mantra, it would be this: It’s all about the business case. Women are making some gains, but the overall trends are cause for concern:
 Companies with at least three women on their board of directors FAR out-perform those with fewer: Return on equity is 53% higher, return on sales is 42% higher, and return on invested capital is 66% higher.[1]
In 2008, women were 55% of all new hires into public accounting.  In fact for more than 20 years, women have been roughly 50% of all new hires, and yet they are only 23% of partners.[2]
Over their careers, 37% of professional women will voluntarily leave the workforce temporarily or permanently. The average length of time that these “off-ramped” women are gone is only 2.2 years, after which 93% will re-enter the workforce.  Of these, only 5% wants to return to the company they left.[3]
Staff retention, succession planning, and work/life balance are perennially among the top concerns for firm leaders.[4]
Considering all this – the number of women entering the profession, their impact on business, and the concerns about retention and succession planning – it makes sense for an organization to take a look at how women are moving (or not moving) through its own pipeline. It can be a sensitive issue, but if you focus the discussion on the data and make a strong business case, it makes it easier to get buy-in. Numbers are hard to argue with.
 
Barriers and Proven Solutions
This is not a simple issue of gender differences or discrimination. Each woman has her own story, for instance, some are opting out of leadership positions because they fear taking on additional risk in roles that may not offer adequate personal flexibility others are citing issues surrounding lack of career advocacy, work/life integration, and visible role models.  Here we discuss these factors and offer some proven solutions on how to tackle them.
 
Barrier 1: Career Advocacy
Many think of career advocates as simply mentors.  Certainly, having a mentor is a key part of the advocacy framework, but there’s more to it than that. It is also about having access to networking opportunities, leadership development, getting stretch assignments, and creating a customized career path. Women often do not have the same access to these advocacy experiences as their male counterparts, so without targeted efforts, women will continue to be perceived as less experienced than their male peers.
 
Solutions:
1.       Develop a Mentoring Program
When asked about the keys to their success, high achieving women universally cite a mentor as a major factor in their advancement. And yet, many women report difficulty finding and formalizing a mentoring relationship. It may feel uncomfortable to reach out to a superior and ask for guidance, but doing so can reap huge rewards. A mentor can help establish a career plan, offer insight and advice about potential challenges, and serve as a sounding board for ideas and career related decisions. {Tool: Guide for Building a Mentoring Program.}
2.        Start a Women’s Leadership Programs
Firms and organizations are recognizing that a business model in which more than half of their incoming talent pool is not likely to reach the highest levels of leadership is unsustainable in the long term. To address the issue, many are developing programs that provide business development, advocacy and networking opportunities.  In addition to keeping more of their female talent engaged and upwardly mobile, these firms are gaining a competitive edge in recruiting – all of which positively impact their bottom line. {Tools: “The Attraction, Retention and Advancement of Women Leaders” (Whitepaper)}  
 
Barrier 2: Work/Life Integration
This is not solely a women’s issue, but the WIEC finds that women are more impacted by these issues in the workplace because women are sill handling most of the family’s child care and home responsibilities, despite trends that indicate there are a growing number of “Mr. Mom” exceptions out there. Flexibility is key, but there also needs to be some business and culture shifts as well. Organizations need to be careful that the very programs they employ to keep talented women aren’t also hindering them from getting ahead. Ultimately, flexible work schedules will evolve into flexible career paths as organizations learn that one size does not fit all.  One size fits, well, one.
 
Solutions:
1.       Offer Flexible Work Arrangements
It’s been said there are two kinds of organizations: those who have flexibility, and those who will. Flexible work arrangements and alternate career paths allow firms to be unique and adapt to their employees and market, which results in a better value proposition. Some organizations offer telecommuting, reduced or compressed work weeks, job-sharing, seasonal hours, or a combination of options.  {Tools: Work/Life: Striking a Balance (video) and PCPS Work/Life and Retention Toolbox Series.}
 
2.       Keep Off-Ramped Employees and Alumni Connected
Over their careers, 37% of professional women will voluntarily leave the workforce, usually to care for children or again family members. On average, these off-ramped employees are gone for just over 2 years, after which 93% will attempt to re-enter the workforce.  Of these, less than 5% want to return to the organization they left. But many organizations are seeing this as an opportunity – not a loss.  By creating alumni networks and off-ramping programs, organizations are able to maintain strong relationships with these employees and tap them for future employment, temporary work, new business leads, and more. {Tool: Building Bridges: Strategies for a Successful Off-Ramping Program}
 
3.       Offer Part-Time Partnerships
More and more, we’re hearing about female superstars who want to pursue ownership being passed over for partner positions – not because they are qualified, but because they’re on some sort of flexible work arrangement. Women far “out-flex” men when it comes to work schedules, and if a firm isn’t equipped to handle a part-time partner, those who opt for flexible work arrangements are naturally at a disadvantage when it comes to selecting new partners. While the idea of a part-time partner falls well outside the firm’s traditional structure, it can be done. 
 
4.       Employee Retention Programs
There are lots of low and medium cost ways to improve morale and keep your talent happy – even during busy season, when flexible work arrangements are often nixed or reduced. (Tool: Employee Retention Guide)
 
Barrier 3: Visible Role Models
Catalyst, a nonprofit organization helping women succeed in business, reports that the absence of visible role models is a significant barrier to advancement. It’s a self-perpetuating cycle – the lack of women leaders makes it more difficult for other women to rise to the top.
 
Many of these solutions may be included as part of a larger organization-wide women’s initiative, but they might also be broken up in to smaller pieces and implemented independently, or on an as-needed basis.
 
Solutions:
 
1.       Women’s Forums
Give your women leaders a chance to tell their stories.  In your organization’s communications or events, make sure you allow a platform to highlight high achievers, especially women.
 
2.       Networking/Development Opportunities
Provide specific events for your women to get together.  These events could be educational, or social, but we recommend focusing in some part on leadership development. 
Where We’re Headed 

The bottom line is, in order to be sustainable, firms and organizations need to figure out a way to maximize the contributions all employees can make to the profession and that means ensuring that women are advancing to the highest levels of leadership. As the advancement of women goes, so goes the firm of the future.

The best career advice I received was from Pam Rollo, my Pratt [Institute] instructor and SLA-NY Board President at the time. She said, “Your education in this profession does not end at with a graduate diploma from Library School. Technology and the field of Information are continuously evolving. Stay in step of what is happening and aware of what is to come in the future."
- Clara Cabrera, Research & Reference Specialist - Team Lead, WilmerHale

Conversation by Dmitry Baranovskiy from The Noun ProjectThe best career advice I received was the importance of gaining hands-on experience in a library, even if that means doing volunteer work. This was mentioned to me by several people, but I was helped the most by Dr. Westermann, a former professor of mine from [LIU] Post, who pointed me in the right direction when I reached out to her for advice on where to volunteer. The summer before graduation, I was concerned that, since I was in the Archives and Records Management program and my internship would be taking place in an archive as opposed to a library, I would be missing out on the hands-on experience in a public library that many of my fellow graduates would be getting.
I knew Dr. Westermann lived in my town, and thought she might be helpful in seeking out a volunteer position at one of the local libraries. Luckily, I was correct, and she put me in contact with our library's director, who in turn put me in contact with the head of the children's department there. As it turned out, the head of children's remembered me from my time spent at the library when I was younger, and was happy to have me come in once or twice a week in the evenings (I worked full time during the day) to assist the librarians and clerks with a variety of tasks. I volunteered at my library for a little over a year, almost right up until I started my current position.
I believe that this volunteer experience played a big role in obtaining my current job. Not only did it give me demonstrated experience helping patrons in a public library, but it also helped show my dedication to my new profession. I know that working full time and finishing grad school is not easy, and trying to squeeze in a few hours a week of unpaid work in a library seemed overwhelming when I first thought of doing it. However, I found that once I was at the library, I really enjoyed my time there and it wasn't overwhelming at all. I knew for sure it would be well worth it in the long run.
- Stephanie DiChiara, Adult Services Librarian & PALS Coordinator, Sayville Library

The best career advice I’ve ever received came from Dr. Bea Baaden during the panel discussion at [LIU Post’s] Palmer [School]’s 2012 event, "Insider Tips on Launching your Information Science Career." Dr. Baaden advised attendees, “Use what you’re passionate about as the basis for your career.” There are so many possibilities in the world of librarianship, especially when you consider that the positions or projects which might be the most fitting for you personally might not have the word "librarian" in the description at all. It's hard to know what next step will be the right one. Focus on what you know you love to do, what talents you have, and be creative: find evidence of those things in job and project descriptions. In my experience, following these small cues will ultimately lead you to a rewarding and fulfilling experience you never could have predicted.
- Jaime McCurry, National Digital Stewardship Resident, The Folger Shakespeare Library at Library of Congress

One great piece of advice that I got -- and have fulfilled with my career -- is that if you study Library Science and you play your cards right, you can become an expert and aficionado on almost any topic you want, and work in almost any field. That advice came to me from the Barnard Zine Librarian, Jenna Freedman. Interested in law? Become a law librarian. Interested in music? Become a music librarian. Huge Woody Guthrie fan? Maybe you can get a job at the Woody Guthrie Archive! There are libraries and archives for nearly everything, and that is counting all of the private and personal archives that are out there. For me, it was comics. I pursued every single comics related internship and volunteer opportunity I could, wrote articles about comics librarianship and focused my class projects on it, and now only three years after graduating I am one of the curators at the largest archive of comic book and cartoon art in the world.
- Caitlin McGurk, Visiting Curator at The Ohio State University Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum

Conversation by Dmitry Baranovskiy from The Noun ProjectThe best advice for my library career came from Dr.Tula Giannini, Dean of Pratt SILS, during our program orientation. Tula advised students to get out into the community from the very beginning of school. She shared with us that the profession is extremely supportive and if we asked for help or advice people would be happy to provide it. This was completely different from my previous career in finance! Taking her advice, I attended every event posted on the listserv that I possibly could. These meetings and the people I met at them transformed my Pratt experience by helping me discover my path very quickly.By using 'networking' events as opportunities for doing research, I was able to survey the broad library field landscape and meet industry leaders. It's easy to approach people if you are asking them to talk about talk themselves and their experience. I learned important information, made new friends and ultimately met the Partner of my current firm who ended up offering me a job! Thank you Dr. Giannini!
- Gretchen Nadasky, Senior Associate at Optimity Advisors

"Sometimes we have to let go to run our course." I followed this advice from a friend and while it was scary at times, it led me to a new job that I love. I was in a toxic situation at a job when I decided to follow my dream and go back to school for library science. I am now a librarian at a wonderful school with awesome kids and great coworkers.
- Laura Rivera, Librarian, New York Institute for Special Education

I don't have a [single] best piece of advice, but there have been a lot that worked for me. General good practice advice like tailor your CV/resume and cover letters, be engaging, be interested, etc. The best pieces of advice I got were from Evelyn Ehrlich (Head, Humanities and Social Sciences Reference Center at NYU Bobst Library). I consulted with her a lot while I was job hunting. I think everyone needs a mentor --someone to help you look over your materials, prepare your job talk, give you a pep talk when you're down, and support you. And it doesn't have to be just one mentor. I consulted with at least four other librarians!
- Shirley Zhao, Physical Sciences Librarian, Kresge Library, Dartmouth College

Thank you to all who shared their “best advice” stories, and to those who gave that advice!
Keep an eye out for future questions directed at information professionals who are mid-career and nearing retirement.

Bart Wisniowski, founder and CEO of Advisor Websites in the Canadian city of Vancouver, estimates that his firm has created more than two thousand websites for advisory firms all over the U.S. and Canada.  He has the best seat in the house to watch the rapidly evolving state-of-the-art in website design and feature sets in this age of social media, video blogs and smartphones.  He and his staff are constantly talking with advisors about what they want and how they want to present themselves – learning and teaching and adding bells and whistles as the profession evolves. 

"We're launching websites literally every day," Wisniowski says.  "There are always new developments, and we're always running into cool stuff."

In a recent interview, Wisniowski not only talked about the latest developments and trends that he's seeing; he also identified some of the advisory profession's most interesting and creative websites – which can be seen, with commentary, at the end of this article. 

Creating a firm's website, Wisniowski says, is like creating a financial plan: It starts with an assessment of goals and objectives.  "Are you primarily reaching out to your existing clients?" he says.  "Or are you creating an environment that will attract prospects and acquire new clients?  Are you active in social media?  Are you blogging?  In most cases," Wisniowski adds, "there's a combination of these things, but one or two of them is the main focus."

Upgrades from antediluvian

Are you willing to accept an unfair advantage as you build your business?

Bob Veres
Bob Veres's Inside Information service takes you right to the cutting edge of new ideas, business-building insights, investment paradigms and marketing strategies as they arise from leading thinkers around the profession.

The service has been described as an "unfair advantage" by subscribers who are now among the most successful advisors in the business.

Knowledge is power. Try a year of Inside Information, with a money-back guarantee: www.bobveres.com, and give yourself the unfair advantage that you deserve in your professional career.

Best,

Bob Veres
Inside Information

At the most basic level, Wisniowski recommends that advisors give their website a visual upgrade.  The online experience is changing so rapidly that websites created five years ago tend to look antediluvian, stodgy and out-of-touch.  "Too often, we see the banner that is the same banner on everybody else's website, with stock photography of a couple holding hands," Wisniowski says.  "In the financial services world, there is a definite overuse of stock photography."

This becomes most visible if there is a disconnect between the image and the view out the office window.  "If you do business in New Mexico, you should really have New Mexico landscapes and not ocean views on your website," says Wisniowski.  "A lot of advisors are still hesitant about pulling the trigger on getting professional headshots and photography, but it makes a huge difference in how professional you appear to a would-be client who is checking you out."

Usability is another issue.  Wisniowski says there are definite best practices when it comes to the way your navigation is laid out – although, as we'll see in the actual examples, there is also a lot of variation.  He recommends having clear calls to action, big buttons to navigate by – and making the site easy to scan even without your reading glasses.  "One of the biggest issues that we see with some of the older websites out there is a small gray font," says Wisniowski.  "A lot of the target audience for advisors is older people, and if you are making them squint on your website, they aren't going to stick around.  Use large easy-to-read fonts."

Wisniowski also thinks that most advisor websites are visually unfriendly simply because the site is trying to say too much all at once.  "Having too much content on your home page makes it cluttered, unusable and really frustrating for somebody to navigate," he says.  "A lot of time, you could cut the content in half, and then in half again, and it becomes much friendlier and  more inviting."  The pruned content doesn't go away; it is moved to back pages, behind the navigation buttons giving access to "blogs," or "about us."  Rather than putting an entire blog post on your front page, your site can feature the blog's heading and the first sentence or two.  If people want to read more, they can click to a later page.

Mobile functionality

Mobile compatibility has come to the fore no matter what your goal or how proficient you are technologically.  "One of the most important things we're emphasizing these days is compatibility with mobile devices," says Wisniowski.  "The majority of existing websites that we see are not mobile-friendly – and a lot of advisors don't seem to realize how easy it is to make a website look good on the Android, Windows 8 and iPhone devices that their clients are using.   You can make any website mobile-friendly."

Why is it so important to have your website look good on somebody's phone?  Wisniowski points to recent research by Google; it found that by the end of next year, more people will be navigating websites through mobile devices and tablets than through traditional desktops. 

"People are always on the go," he says.  "In our experience, most people who go to an advisor's website are looking for one of three things.  They either want to give that person a call, send them an email or they're looking for the map to their office.  So," Wisniowski concludes, "you want to make those things very evident.  Ideally, with a push of one’s thumb, a prospective client can click on your phone number and it starts dialing your phone.  Or they can click on the map, and it starts the navigation app on your mobile device.  Or they can send you a quick email with the touch of the thumb."

Unfortunately, most websites – even commercially-developed sites for larger firms – require the user to zoom out and then pinch in to navigate the site.  The difference, of course, is the screen size.  "If you are sitting in front of your computer, you have about 15 inches worth of real estate to put a lot of pretty pictures and information and calls to action on it," says Wisniowski.  "But when you go to a three-inch screen on your mobile device, you really are limited in what you can put on there."

So how do you make your site mobile-friendly?  "Most websites have a pretty banner, a really long navigation bar up top, and the contacts on the right side," Wisniowski points out.  "When you optimize for mobile devices, you're stripping out a lot of that graphic content, because that's not what the end users are looking for.  You're making the phone number a button they can click off their phone.  You put in an email launcher where they can start typing in an email.  All the content and information is the same – except it's much less cluttered and easier to get to."

Advisor Websites makes this happen automatically for its clients; you click a box to make your new website mobile-friendly.  When the box is checked, whenever somebody accesses it from their phone, the device automatically detects the nature of the device and knows that it should display the mobile version of the website.  There is no additional cost.  "Making the website mobile, from a technical standpoint, is very straightforward," says Wisniowski. 

A site to meet your firm’s goals

Once the look-and-feel and mobile display issues are off the table, Wisniowski’s website consultation will turn to the advisory firm's goals.  Will your website be used primarily to communicate with existing clients?  Many Advisor Websites clients now have a client portal integrated into their websites.  "If you're using Junxure ClientView, then why not have a client login button on the front page of the website," Wisniowski proposes.  That button redirects clients to their client portal, where you've posted performance statements and the latest run of their financial plan – plus a 'to-do' list that they can check off as tasks are completed by you or the client.  "Your clients are not likely to remember a cumbersome way to access your portal, such as URL with text like “clientviewlife/login/” – but they do remember that they deal with your firm," Wisniowski adds.  "It's much easier to link through your website."

If, on the other hand, your website is primarily used as a brochure to attract prospects, you might insert a feature that Wisniowski says is becoming increasingly popular with advisory firms: event registration.  "Let's say you target doctors and dentists, and schedule a seminar for them," he proposes.  In days gone by, you would have used something called the U.S. Postal Service to out invitations, and your assistant would pick up the rotary phone to call them up and ask if they were going to attend. 

Now, instead, prospects can register for the seminar right there on your website, reducing your administrative costs and making it easy to give updates.  If the venue changes, you can easily update the website and send a reminder by email, rather than reprinting, re-mailing and making a lot of phone calls.

You can even automate some of the followup.  "Some advisors have us set it up in such a way that a day before the event, their website sends out a reminder," says Wisniowski.  All of this he adds by copying and pasting existing code, which embeds nicely on a modern website.

If you're focused on attracting new clients and using your website as a resource for prospects, then you will also be interested in adding calculator tools that prospects can use.  Advisor Websites provides 50 of these free-of-charge, mainly because advisory firms have been asking for them.  "Some consumers like to do their own projections," says Wisniowski.  "Or after they've met with the advisor, they like to verify some of that information." 

These calculators are fairly new, and represent the newest feature of Advisor Websites' service, so Wisniowski is not yet sure how effective they will be.  "My own suspicion," he says, "is that once the relationship is established, most clients will trust the advisor to do the math."  

When it comes to choosing a career, parents still want their children to don the white coat," says career counsellor Parveen Malhotra.

Here are a few of her observations:

1. The 'going to phoren' craze has decreased with a lot of career options now available in India.

What do you want your child to be? Let us know!
2. Most parents want their children to go abroad just for short-term post graduate courses and then return to settle in India.

3. Only a select few go abroad for undergraduate courses, since they are very costly with no scholarships available at that level. 

4. Most elders do not see the new emerging professions to be very secure. For them, being a doctor or engineer is still very respectable and pays well.

5. Though new professions like IT and technology have emerged, most parents still want their children to be doctors. It is still the top ranked profession, especially because it is considered very respectable.

Even in America, elders seem to want youngsters to take up medicine, according to a poll conducted in April. Most adults said they would recommend young men and women to be MDs.

The telephone survey asked around 1,000 adults what they would recommend to young men and women seeking career advice. One in five said they would advise young men to become doctors. And 17 percent said they would recommend the medical profession to young men. 

A career in medicine, therefore, is the top ranked profession, ahead of careers in computers, technology, teaching or business, says the survey. 

Career counsellors, however, say poll results are surprising since, in America, hardly anyone wants to be a doctor. "The profession involves lot of hard work and dedication, and is dissuaded by almost every youth in America," says
Malhotra.

"In India, it is the opposite. Also, most parents are not very comfortable with careers in the armed forces, which do not pay well. But parental advice also depends on the field in which the parents are," says Malhotra, noting that the civil services is also a very respected profession.

It must be noted that parental advice cannot be generalised and differs from city to city. In Delhi and Mumbai, careers in IT and computers are respected. In smaller towns, government jobs and banking are considered very 'secure'.

But what do the youth want?

Malhotra says, "IT, computers, call centres top the list, followed by engineering, medicine, law and media." 

Twenty years ago, every girl wanted to be a teacher. Today, it is the last choice

This week in the UK is the first ever Professions Week.  The initiative aims to  increase interest in becoming a professional among young people (14-19), as well as advising teachers, career advisers and families on the value of the professions.  Accountancy features highly and a range of events throughout the country have been highlighting case studies and the benefits of pursuing a professional role.

Professionalism, for most, also entails acting in the public interest.  This is clearly a commitment for those working in Finance.  When addressing a room of lecturers and  career advisors, the importance of upholding a Code of Ethics as a key differentiator of being a professional was something I emphasised.  The flip side of a commitment to being  “straightforward and honest “ , however, is illustrated by the weekly calls I receive from members under pressure, facing intimidation to do the "wrong" thing.  They, more than an average employee, know they can’t.

Another related event was a "Professions for Good" seminar  for the launch of an essay writing competition on “promoting ethics and professional standards in business and public life”.  The audience also debated the importance of reputational management vs financial achievement.  For all those present it was concluded that the organisation which acted “for the good” was more likely to secure financial achievement in the longer term. 

Reputation was not something that could be insured against, so self-insurance was key. This should cover addressing not only ethical aspects related to financial propriety and lapses in fair dealing but also operational issues and risks such as health and safety,  product risk or data management.  The growth of cyber crime was also raised and the challenges today of having so much data, much of it digital or online,  that could be intercepted, stolen or misused.  The value of data and information and how it is managed is now a crucial part of an organisation’s worth as explored in more detail in the latest CGMA report From Insight to Impact.

How these issues are approached ethically should also be considered – not only in regard to theft, but in how information is protected or used wisely and honestly.  What happens when you lost that memory stick of the work you took home?  Or a key account manager starts selling competitor data? How are you using that insight and how would the public feel about it?  Applying your code to managing your data is as pertinent as it is to your forecasts.

More than ever how an organisation lives its values, so loftily stated, is under scrutiny.  One of the panellists commented that her membership organisation, which conducts research  around ethical issues, has been approached by members of the public seeking guidance to deal with a bad customer experience.  This is not their remit, but they do offer a response, one I believe more of us should use. 

Write to the Chairperson or Chief Executive with the issue at hand and refer to the Values, Mission and Code that usually is publically displayed across the website or promotional materials of their firm.  Transparency is a catch phrase marketeers love to use, along with integrity, as it is so "on message" so ask specifically why these values are not apparent and what they, the leader, consider can be done to honour them? 

It is only when oragnisations truly start embedding and living up to the values and behaviours they espouse that professionals can really leverage doing the right thing.  Professionals have obligations and commitments more formalised than others to keep the pressure on  in order to support good business practice.  But they need leadership support to make it a reality.

