A crabby, negative campaign that has been more about misleading and marginal controversies than the major challenges facing the country? Barack Obama and Mitt Romney can both claim parenthood of this ugly child.
But there is a particular category of the 2012 race to the low road in which the two sides are not competing on equal terms: Obama and his top campaign aides have engaged far more frequently in character attacks and personal insults than the Romney campaign.
With a few exceptions, Romney has maintained that Obama is a bad president who has turned to desperate tactics to try to save himself. But Romney has not made the case that Obama is a bad person, nor made a sustained critique of his morality a central feature of his campaign.
(Also on POLITICO: Full coverage of the DNC)
Obama, who first sprang to national attention with an appeal to civility, has made these kind of attacks central to his strategy. The argument, by implication from Obama and directly from his surrogates, is not merely that Romney is the wrong choice for president but that there is something fundamentally wrong with him.
(PHOTOS: Mitt Romney through the years)
To make the case, Obama and his aides have used an arsenal of techniques — personal ridicule, suggestions of ethical misdeeds and aspersions against Romney’s patriotism — that many voters and commentators claim to abhor, even as the tactics have regularly proved effective.
The unequal distribution of personal putdowns — Obama and his team indulging in them far more frequently than Romney — has been largely obscured by two factors.
(PHOTOS: Scenes from the Democratic convention)
One is the general negativity of the campaign, buffeted by charge and countercharge on an hourly basis, in which both sides have participated with abandon.
The other is the fact that Obama, over four years, has been subjected to so many personal assaults from the right, on issues such as whether he is lying about his place of birth or the content of his college transcripts. Lost in the smoke is the fact that few of the personal assaults — as opposed to political or policy criticisms — have come from Romney or his official representatives. The Romney campaign has leveled charges — on welfare reform, for instance — that take liberties with the truth, but few attacks on Obama as a person.
The imbalance is notable in the context of recent history. For more than a generation — since Michael Dukakis got savaged in 1988 and Bill Clinton decried the “politics of personal destruction” in the 1990s — it has been woven into the self-image of many Democrats that they are victims rather than victimizers when it comes to personal attacks.
(Also on POLITICO: Bill Clinton's DNC speech: 15 best lines)
Some Democrats in 2012 say this is exactly the point, and that Obama therefore is within his rights to try to turn Romney into a figure of ridicule or even contempt in the way that George W. Bush and his campaign succeeded in doing to John Kerry in 2004.
Asked to address the personally negative nature of the campaign, Obama campaign spokeswoman Lis Smith said the Democratic convention this week represented the party’s positive vision for America.
“Americans are hearing every day at the Democratic convention about the President’s plans to move America forward by continuing to create more jobs, improve education and strengthen the middle class. And they also are learning about Mitt Romney’s plans to take us back with tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans paid for by the middle class, deep cuts to critical investments like education and commitment to letting Wall Street write its own rules again,” she said.
It is not that the Obama-led attacks on Romney’s character have been especially vicious by historical standards. But they have been both relentless and remorseless, designed to portray Romney as too flawed personally to be a viable political alternative
Deepan can tell you what happens when you lose focus and concentrate on peripheral, issues-work environment is spoiled, performance suffers as does the bottom line and people leave you for greener pastures. He has been one of the victims of 'personal attacks in team meetings.'

A few of his 20-member strategy team have transformed team meetings into a platform for launching personal attacks on people they dislike or have differences with. Hence, the meetings have turned into a farce not yielding much beyond negative remarks and frustrated faces.
Many would identify, be it individuals or team leaders with Deepan's feelings. So, what do you do? It's the same logic you follow with every problem. Analyse, pinpoint the source and figure out solutions.
Get the basics right
Building trust among team members is the most crucial part and the starting point too. "If while getting a team together, you get people who can't even see eye to eye, such teams wouldn't work. Trust is the most important ingredient that goes into team building and helps get better results," says Xansa India HR director Shantanu Banerjee. Try talking to each of these members what you need to get that in and you will have people supporting each other not only with ideas but even with tough decisions.
Don't spoil team spirit
Personal likes and dislikes can ruin the very purpose of getting together on a platform. There are times when people use meetings to just vent their frustration on individuals they may not stand. Piling up their feelings overtime, they use get togethers as a public forum to talk down their peers, rejecting their ideas as trash, as they are not enough 'knowledgeable' or 'experienced' to discuss such issues.
OLKATA: Cracking the whip, the CPI-M today asked its leaders to refrain from personal attacks in the run-up to the Lok Sabha poll, after a senior leader Anisur Rehman's unsavoury remarks against Mamata Banerjee were roundly criticised by all sections of society.

Rehman had last Saturday kicked off a controversy by telling a rally in Birbhum district that "all ministers in West Bengal are lambs. They cannot even marry without her permission".


The CPI(M) state committee, which met yesterday, took a strong note of Rehman's derogatory remarks, asking all party leaders to restrain themselves and not indulge in personal attack against leaders of opposition parties in poll speeches.

Although Rehman did not publicly express regret for his comments, CPI(M) state secretary Biman Bose on Sunday tried to distance his party from the remarks by saying, "Our fight is against ideals and policies. We don't support any kind of personal attack or remark against anybody,".

Rehman had earlier too courted controversy when in December, 2012 he launched an obscene attack on Mamata Banerjee over her government's decision to provide Rs 20,000 as compensation to rape victims, wondering what would be her compensation if she faced such an assault.

In the meeting yesterday, the state leadership, aware of the tough situation the party is facing, stressed on grassroot level campaigning such as door-to-door campaign and street-corner meetings.

"We have to stress on intense campaigning and grassroot level campaigning such as door-to-door interactions and street-corner meetings in order to reach every household of the state," Bose told state committee members.
NEW DELHI: Be moaning the slipping standards of political discourse in the country, the Election Commission of India (EC) has indicated that it could consider redrawing its decades-old Model Code of Conduct to give it more teeth.

Making a rare intervention on the subject, HS Brahma, one of the three commissioners at the EC, has told ET in an interview that the commission was concerned and "pained" by the personal attacks being traded at each other by politicians across the board, making a necessary to have "a new gentleman's agreement".


"In the last two to three weeks we have witnessed a degradation in the standard of the political discourse. There should be a certain dignity and standard in what is being said to the people of this country. It's not a good sign that politicians increasingly resorting to below-the-belt remarks," said Brahma.

Brahma's remarks are significant as they come amid rising shrillness in the campaign rhetoric, which many commentators have said is among the worst ever and only promises to deteriorate further in the run up to the general elections next year. In the past few weeks, both the Congress and the BJP have knocked on the EC's door to seek action against the other for personally attacking their leaders.

The latest protest was registered by the BJP on Wednesday morning, when it lodged a complaint against Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi. Before this the Congress had demanded action against the BJP's prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi for calling its party president Sonia Gandhi a beemar ma (sick mother) and asking her to hand over the reins of the party to her son.

Expressing the commission's unease with the negative campaigning, Brahma said intemperate remarks were ultimately harmful to the country's image.

"Ultimately the claims and counter claims come to the EC's table and the commission is definitely feeling unhappy and uneasy. Anything you say in one part of India is picked up by television and broadcast around the world. I am worried the level political discourse could bring disrepute to the country," he said.

The invective and viciousness may have also convinced the commission to consider a revision of the model code of conduct, which, according to Brahma, needs an upgrade because of the increasing use of technology and social media in election campaigns.

"The model code in its current form is many decades old. A lot has changed since then. Whatever a political leader says in one place reaches the entire country in minutes. The use of internet has changed the political campaigning," he said.

Hinting at the possibility of the EC calling a meeting of political parties to initiate a discussion on the revision of the code of conduct, Brahma said, "The core of Model Code cannot be changed and will be applicable for the next 100 years, but there are some new emerging areas we could consider including within its ambit. It's time for a new gentleman's agreement."
NEW DELHI: On the women's day, Congress leader Digvijay Singh today sought to attack Narendra Modi on personal front, saying how can the Gujarat chief minister look after the nation if he cannot "respect and take care of his wife".

"I want to ask him if there is slightest respect for women in his heart, why does he leave blank the column where his wife's name should be written in the election form. Why Gujarat's 'who's who' does not mention his wife's name.


"Why does not Modi say so if he is not married or he has left her? Poor Jashodaben (Modi's reported wife) lives in a rented accommodation. Why does not he get a bunglow for her and provide her the facilties, when he has become such a big man. How somebody, who cannot respect and take care of his wife, will look after the nation," Singh said.

On the occasion of International Women's Day today, the BJP's prime ministerial candidate is holding 'Chai Pe Charcha with NaMo' programme through Internet at BJP headquarters where Modi will interact to people from around 1,500 different locations.

BJP is trying to use the 'tea-seller' jibe hurled at Modi by his opponents to its advantage to reach out to voters.

Singh also dismissed the threat of RSS to initiate appropriate action against Rahul Gandhi for his remarks blaming the Sangh for the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi.

"Whatever he (Rahul) has said is correct. It is their (RSS') ideology that killed Mahatma Gandhi... We will prove that Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated due to their ideology. Gandhi was killed due to their provocative statements and whisper campaign. We have been fighting this ideology and will keep fighting. 
SRINAGAR: Visiting Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) TS Krishnamurthy asked political parties to behave properly and responsibly during campaigning and avoid making personal attacks.

The Commission will also examine BSNL's announcement to reduce the tariff to see if it was for commercial interest or simply motivated by the government, he said.


"Parties have to conduct themselves in a responsible manner and if they indulge in mudslinging and personal attacks they would be bringing disgrace to democracy."

Krishnamurthy told reports. "We have said it earlier and we reiterate that it is unacceptable and unethical", the CEC added when asked about the remarks passed by Gujarat CM Narender Modi against Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul Gandhi.

CEC said the Election Commission is working to evolve a broader consensus among political parties on issues like surrogate advertisements. "We will continue to make efforts to have a dignified political campaign", he added.

Krishnamurthy also said the Commission is examining the poll boycott campaign by separatists in Kashmir and will take a decision soon.

"Some political parties have informed us about the separatists call for the poll boycott and its impact. We are examining the situation and the decision would be taken after the analysis," he said.
NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi today disapproved of personal attacks on Opposition leaders, indicating that the Congress leadership was not happy with Mani Shankar Aiyar's recent "chaiwala" jibe at BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi.

"It is wrong to make personal attacks on opposition," the Congress Vice President told a meeting of party spokespersons called to elicit suggestions on how best to get the message of Congress across to people in the coming Lok Sabha elections. He, however, did not name Aiyar.


Rahul made the remark after party MP Bhalchandra Mungekar said that remarks like denigrating the "chaiwala" (tea seller) will not do the party any good.

"Do not denigrate chaiwala. Such comments are unnecessary and they may derail the debate," Mungekar, who is one of the TV panelists of the party, said.

Rahul's remark is significant given the fact that BJP is exploiting Aiyar's jibe at Modi to the hilt to reach out to voters. It has announced the launch of a campaign that will allow people to engage with Modi over a cup of tea.

At the January 17 AICC meeting here, Aiyar had said that Modi could not become Prime Minister but could certainly serve tea at the meeting. Party General Secretary Ajay Maken had disapproved of the remark soon after.

Rahul said that in the face of a constant negative campaign, Congress spokespersons are doing a tremendous job. He also sought suggestions from them on the campaign theme.

The meeting saw party leaders underlining the need to effectuvely expose the OppositioRahul disapproves of personal attacks on Opp leaders

New Delhi, Feb 6 (PTI) Rahul Gandhi today disapproved of personal attacks on Opposition leaders, indicating that the Congress leadership was not happy with Mani Shankar Aiyar's recent "chaiwala" jibe at BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi.

"It is wrong to make personal attacks on opposition," the Congress Vice President told a meeting of party spokespersons called to elicit suggestions on how best to get the message of Congress across to people in the coming Lok Sabha elections. He, however, did not name Aiyar.

Rahul made the remark after party MP Bhalchandra Mungekar said that remarks like denigrating the "chaiwala" (tea seller) will not do the party any good.

"Do not denigrate chaiwala. Such comments are unnecessary and they may derail the debate," Mungekar, who is one of the TV panelists of the party, said.

Rahul's remark is significant given the fact that BJP is exploiting Aiyar's jibe at Modi to the hilt to reach out to voters. It has announced the launch of a campaign that will allow people to engage with Modi over a cup of tea.

At the January 17 AICC meeting here, Aiyar had said that Modi could not become Prime Minister but could certainly serve tea at the meeting. Party General Secretary Ajay Maken had disapproved of the remark soon after.

Rahul said that in the face of a constant negative campaign, Congress spokespersons are doing a tremendous job. He also sought suggestions from them on the campaign theme.

The meeting saw party leaders underlining the need to effectively expose the Opposition by pointing out deficiencies in their claims backed with data.

Union Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, who has been made one of the senior spokespersons, underlined the need to focus on the regional media instead of the national media to reach out to people.

Maken, who is in charge of the AICC Media department, detailed the steps taken to ensure an effective strategy to get the party's message across.

The controversy over Janardhan Dwivedi's remarks on reservation also figured at the meeting with one leader saying when such out of turn comments are made they are corrected and sometimes even the Congress president has to issue a statement. PTI AMR SPGn by pointing out deficiencies in their claims backed with data.

Union Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, who has been made one of the senior spokespersons, underlined the need to focus on the regional media instead of the national media to reach out to people.

Maken, who is in charge of the AICC Media department, detailed the steps taken to ensure an effective strategy to get the party's message across.

The controversy over Janardhan Dwivedi's remarks on reservation also figured at the meeting with one leader saying when such out of turn comments are made they are corrected and sometimes even the Congress president has to issue a statement.

Deepan can tell you what happens when you lose focus and concentrate on peripheral — issues-work environment is spoiled, performance suffers as does the bottom line and people leave you for greener pastures. He has been one of the victims of 'personal attacks in team meetings.'

A few of his 20-member strategy team have transformed team meetings into a platform for launching personal attacks on people they dislike or have differences with. Hence, the meetings have turned into a farce not yielding much beyond negative remarks and frustrated faces.

Many would identify, be it individuals or team leaders with Deepan's feelings. So, what do you do? It's the same logic you follow with every problem. Analyse, pinpoint the source and figure out solutions.

Get the basics right

Building trust among team members is the most crucial part and the starting point too. "If while getting a team together, you get people who can't even see eye to eye, such teams wouldn't work. Trust is the most important ingredient that goes into team building and helps get better results," says Xansa India HR director Shantanu Banerjee. Try talking to each of these members what you need to get that in and you will have people supporting each other not only with ideas but even with tough decisions.

Don't spoil team spirit

Personal likes and dislikes can ruin the very purpose of getting together on a platform. There are times when people use meetings to just vent their frustration on individuals they may not stand. Piling up their feelings overtime, they use get togethers as a public forum to talk down their peers, rejecting their ideas as trash, as they are not enough 'knowledgeable' or 'experienced' to discuss such issues.

CHENNAI: Congress MP Mani Shankar Aiyar, who stirred up a controversy with his "tea-vendor" taunt against Narendra Modi, today accused the BJP Prime Ministerial candidate of starting personal attacks against leaders and said he had only given a "fitting reply".

"It was Modi who began lowering the tenor of our politics by launching personal attacks in abusive language on our [Congress] leaders. Therefore my comments were no more than a fitting reply," Aiyar, who is now in Tamil Nadu, told PTI.


Aiyar had mocked Modi's Prime Ministerial ambitions saying that though the Gujarat Chief Minister cannot attain that goal in this century, a tea stall would be identified for him at the AICC venue.

"I promise you that in the 21st century, Modi will never become Prime Minister of the country... But if he wants to distribute tea here, we will find a place for him," Aiyar had said recently at the venue of an AICC meeting.

Modi, who was once a tea vendor, had hit at out at the 'chai wala' barbs at him by Congress leaders accusing them of "feudal mindset".

Asked about the coming Lok Sabha elections and his party's efforts for a tie-up in Tamil Nadu, Aiyar said "talks are on."

The Congress is scouting for actor-turned politician Vijayakanth-led DMDK to join it to face the polls, besides wooing certain smaller parties with influence in certain electoral pockets.

"If ultimately we have to fight alone,then we will field our candidates in every constituency in Tamil Nadu," he said.

NEW DELHI: Political parties want to keep it all under wraps, and this time the EC's on their side. They have unanimously favoured a ban on exit and opinion polls. And, to help them, the EC may seek powers to regulate pre-poll surveys, and even ask the government to promulgate an ordinance to that effect.

However, the Supreme Court had in September 1999 ruled that the EC has no authority to regulate exit and opinion polls. Hence, despite a political consensus, the Commission is wary of approaching the SC or issuing fresh guidelines. This leaves only two options: either the EC asks the government to approach the apex court or recommends an amendment to the Representation of Peoples' Act to give the panel the necessary powers. However, considering that polls are round the corner and the Lok Sabha stands dissolved, such an amendment can be effected only though an ordinance.


The political consensus against exit polls will only help the EC's campaign against telecast/publication of exit and opinion polls until the end of polling.

At an all-party meeting today, political parties, including the ruling BJP, backed the EC on the exit and opinion poll ban. While it was felt that opinion polls should not be telecast from the first day of notification till the end of polling, there was also a consensus in favour of a ban on dissemination of exit poll findings before the end of last phase of polling.

While Congress dubbed opinion polls as "opinion-making polls," the RJD went to the extent of demanding that even astrological predictions should not be published or telecast.

However, the 90-minute meeting saw the Congress and BJP sharply divided over what constituted personal attacks.

Seeking clarification from the EC on definition of personal attacks, Congress leader Kapil Sibal said political parties have agreed that there should not be any personal attacks and that they would abide by whatever the poll panel suggested. However, senior BJP leader Vijay Kumar Malhotra said his party felt that the foreign origin issue was a core issue and not a personal attack. But he said that there should be a ban on casting aspersions on anybody's character. On this issue, the AIADMK felt that voters should have the right to know the background of the leaders in the fray.

Briefing reporters after the meeting, Mr Sibal and Mr Malhotra said separately that the Commission had heard their views and had assured them that it would take a decision as early as possible.

Mr Malhotra added that if the EC is allowed to clear political ads for telecast, it should do so within 24 hours of an advertisement coming to it. The BJP leader said that the Commission may convene another all-party meeting on the issue after the Supreme Court gives its ruling. Deploring political mud-slinging as undemocratic, the apex court had yesterday warned that it would consider making slanderous advertisements an "electoral offence".

NEW DELHI: Be moaning the slipping standards of political discourse in the country, the Election Commission of India (EC) has indicated that it could consider redrawing its decades-old Model Code of Conduct to give it more teeth.

Making a rare intervention on the subject, HS Brahma, one of the three commissioners at the EC, has told ET in an interview that the commission was concerned and "pained" by the personal attacks being traded at each other by politicians across the board, making a necessary to have "a new gentleman's agreement".


"In the last two to three weeks we have witnessed a degradation in the standard of the political discourse. There should be a certain dignity and standard in what is being said to the people of this country. It's not a good sign that politicians increasingly resorting to below-the-belt remarks," said Brahma.

Brahma's remarks are significant as they come amid rising shrillness in the campaign rhetoric, which many commentators have said is among the worst ever and only promises to deteriorate further in the run up to the general elections next year. In the past few weeks, both the Congress and the BJP have knocked on the EC's door to seek action against the other for personally attacking their leaders.

The latest protest was registered by the BJP on Wednesday morning, when it lodged a complaint against Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi. Before this the Congress had demanded action against the BJP's prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi for calling its party president Sonia Gandhi a beemar ma (sick mother) and asking her to hand over the reins of the party to her son.

Expressing the commission's unease with the negative campaigning, Brahma said intemperate remarks were ultimately harmful to the country's image.

"Ultimately the claims and counter claims come to the EC's table and the commission is definitely feeling unhappy and uneasy. Anything you say in one part of India is picked up by television and broadcast around the world. I am worried the level political discourse could bring disrepute to the country," he said.

The invective and viciousness may have also convinced the commission to consider a revision of the model code of conduct, which, according to Brahma, needs an upgrade because of the increasing use of technology and social media in election campaigns.

"The model code in its current form is many decades old. A lot has changed since then. Whatever a political leader says in one place reaches the entire country in minutes. The use of internet has changed the political campaigning," he said.

Hinting at the possibility of the EC calling a meeting of political parties to initiate a discussion on the revision of the code of conduct, Brahma said, "The core of Model Code cannot be changed and will be applicable for the next 100 years, but there are some new emerging areas we could consider including within its ambit. It's time for a new gentleman's agreement."

SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, whose outspoken views on Twitter have been much talked about, on Thursday said he would continue to use the micro-blogging site despite some hostile posts which included personal attacks against him.

"Just in case anyone is under the mistaken impression that I've been bullied off Twitter - sorry but here I am and I'm not going anywhere," Omar said in a tweet.


The chief minister, who has come under severe criticism from Opposition PDP leaders for "excessive" use of 'twitter', was earlier forced to abandon blogging on his National Conference party's official website due to abusive language and personal attacks against him by some people. He had significantly reduced posting comments on Twitter in July citing writers' block and then in August due to the overwhelming coverage of the fast against corruption by Gandhian Anna Hazare.

"Since nothing is happening in the world other than Anna and I refuse to tweet about Anna (.) ergo I can't tweet about anything," he wrote then.

However, Omar announced his return to the blogosphere last night by tweeting "Talk about being back with a bang".

He was apparently referring to his tweets about Afzal Guru and National Sports Development Bill. Omar's blogging has often generated controversies including the latest row over his comments on Tamil Nadu Assembly passing a resolution seeking mercy for three death row convicts in the Rajiv Gandhi murder case.

In his controversial tweet, Omar had questioned the "muted" response to the TN Assembly's resolution, asking if the reaction would have been the same if Jammu and Kashmir legislature had passed a similar resolution for Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru.

The chief minister's remarks about the Sports Bill, which failed to get the nod of the Union Cabinet, also generated a controversy as his father and Union Minister Farooq Abdullah heads at least two sports bodies in the state. The Bill sought to bring transparency in the functioning of sports bodies through measures that included setting an upper age limit of 70 years for sports administrators.
NEW DELHI: With Arvind Kejriwal starting an aggressive campaign against Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit on a host of issues, her political adviser has asked the Aam Admi Party leader to refrain from making personal attacks which reduce politics to a "cheap gimmick".

In a strongly worded letter to Kejriwal, Pawan Khera asked him not to use language "unbecoming of an educated man" while stating that the AAP leader was free to take a political stand against individuals and policies.


Kejriwal has already announced that he will contest against Dikshit in her New Delhi constituency in the Assembly polls slated for November this year. The AAP leader had also said that if she decides to contest from another seat, then he will also contest from there.

The AAP leader has been attacking Dikshit for steep rise in power tariff in the last two years and had accused her of siding with the private power distribution companies, besides targeting the Delhi government for "widespread corruption".

"In the past too you have used language unbecoming of an educated man against your political rivals. Here we are talking of a lady who has neither responded to your abusive campaign nor has herself indulged in any such malicious campaign.

"While you are free to take a political stand against individuals and policies, kindly refrain from such personal attacks which reduce politics to a cheap gimmick," the letter said.

In his letter, Khera mentioned about the "campaign on the auto-rickshaw" against the government and said it did not reflect a "dignified" political culture. A section of the auto-rickshaw drivers have been putting advertisements and posters against the government on their auto rickshaws.

"I do not wish to question the cultural background of those behind these posters but since it carries your picture and your party's logo, I think you should intervene to stop such campaign, since you have all along claimed to be a representative of civil society," Khera wrote in the letter.

"I understand you are new to Delhi and you still stay outside the city. I do not blame you for a lack of understanding of either the issues or the culture of the city. It becomes my duty to educate you about the political culture of Delhi. Not abusing each other does not make us friends. We can continue to be rivals even with grace," it said.

The Delhi High Court had yesterday stayed the city government's recent move prohibiting auto drivers from putting advertisements and posters on their auto rickshaws.

Accusing Kejriwal of disrespecting Dikshit, Khera said her contribution towards the development of the city cannot be undermined by "novices".

"We have been fighting to ensure respect for women in society. But if a political party - which you claim you are - stoops so low as to show disrespect to a lady leader, what can be expected of its conduct towards women in society at large?" he asked.

"I am sure such campaigns are not your brain child as I have dealt with other IIT graduates and IRS officers and found their conduct extremely civilised. In case you have been ill advised by some of your new friends, please ensure that your group refrains from indulging in such an undignified campaign. Kindly ensure immediate removal of these posters to help maintain a clean political culture," he said.

NEW DELHI: The 'family-feel' was good, too good, in fact, for feel-good. We're talking the Rahul-Priyanka duo that the Saffrons didn't take seriously enough.

But if there's anyone who gets the credit for single-handedly pulling the Congress from the doldrums, it is Ms G-III — Priyanka. "Indian voters, barring perhaps West Bengal and Kerala, are tired of old faces and their rigid views. All they want from their leaders is a sincere attempt, not lofty claims," says a strategist from the Congress camp.


And Rahul and Priyanka in their campaigns did just that. They energised the young party workers who had gone into a reverie, did not promise the electorate the moon — only reassured them that they would work for their immediate needs — and above all, stayed away from any personal attacks.

In fact, Rahul, in the beginning of his campaign made one point clear. "I am not going to attack anybody personally. If people pass uncharitable comments about me, so be it." On the other hand, his cousin Feroz Varun did not miss any opportunity to attack his aunt Sonia on her foreign origin.

NEW DELHI: The Election Commission has, in a move aimed at plugging the loopholes exploited by candidates to understate their election expenses, advised the poll officials in districts to prepare a "rate list" of all election-related items employed by a contestant for his campaign.

Poll observers have been asked to jot down the rates for items like hiring of transport, erection of shamianas for public meetings and other campaign material so as to compare these with the expenses submitted by the candidate in his statement of accounts to be filed after completion of the election, EC deputy election commissioner A N Jha said here today.


"We want to make an assessment of what is the market rate as candidates sometime submit the expenditure with less value," he said. As per the law, the maximum limit in force for a candidate's individual election expenses is Rs 15 lakh for parliamentary elections and Rs 6 lakh for an assembly election. The candidates are required to file a detailed statement of accounts of their election expenses within 45 days of completion of an election.

When asked about the EC's view on the political advertisements involving personal attacks being aired on television channels, all Mr Jha said was that the Commission was seized of the matter and would make knows its views as soon as a decision was taken in this regard.

NEW DELHI: The issue of political advertising on television continues to be pushed back and forth between the government and the Election Commission. And the broadcasting sector, wary of censorship, has volunteered to self-regulate the ads and stop airing those which are slanderous.

In the latest round, the advertising committee chaired by the additional secretary, I&B ministry, is of the view that neither the "foreign origin" nor the "British informer" ads can be faulted under the Cable Television Networks' (Regulation) Act. As they have surfaced in the context of the electoral process, the committee has suggested that the EC might consider them under code of conduct.


The inter-ministerial committee will be only too happy to "assist" in monitoring, if the EC thinks it fit to regulate the advertisements.

In an effort to thwart such interference, the Indian Broadcasting Foundation has announced that its members will refrain from accepting advertisements from any society, trust, political party or candidate, which involve a personal attack on leaders of any political party.

The issue came up when surrogate ads from obscure "trusts" were aired by television channels with obvious political messages over the past few weeks. It reached boiling point when the Kamakshi Education Trust ran a series of ads raising the issue of "foreign origin" of Congress leader, Sonia Gandhi. In response to this campaign, allegedly on the behest of the BJP, the Shanji Virasat Trust — which was already running a campaign against the NDA government — came up with the "British Informer" ad, which exposes the role of informer allegedly played by Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in the past.

With the Congress knocking on its doors, complaining against the "personal" attack on its leader, the EC has asked the I&B ministry to take a view on the matter by Monday evening. The I&B ministry's advertising committee considered both the ads under Rule 7 of the Cable Act, which spells out the advertising code. It was found that all clauses under the Act pertained to goods and services, while clause (3), which had forbidden ads with a political objective, has recently been stayed by the Andhra Pradesh High Court. While the government is said to be consulting the law ministry on the order, it has not challenged it in the Supreme Court. Hence, the law of the land permits political advertising.

In its communication to the EC, the committee said it had come to the unanimous conclusion that the "present provisions of Rule 7 are not attracted by the two advertisements".

While the EC has warned political parties against engaging in personal attacks and slander, whether it will go so far as to include slander and personal attacks in its list of dos and dont's, remains to be seen. Past requests by the I&B ministry to the EC for detailed norms on political advertising have drawn a blank.

NEW DELHI: Furious at being snubbed by the government, Left parties on Thursday launched a personal attack against finance minister P Chidambaram and said disinvestment in Nalco was aimed at favouring his former clients.

The Left, which rebutted the claim made by Mr Chidambaram that the disinvestment proposal carried the sanction of the Left parties, said the issue would be taken up at the co-ordination panel.


The CPM's trade union wing alleged that the decision on Nalco disinvestment was influenced by Mr Chidambaram's relationship with Anil Agarwal-promoted metals company Vedanta Resources. "The finance minister should have followed his own precedent in the Dabhol case and reclused himself from the process of disinvestment in Nalco," Citu secretary Dipankar Mukherjee said.

The Left leaders said the Union Cabinet's decision to sell 10% government stake each in Nalco and Neyveli Lignite is the first step towards disinvestment in profit-making public sector undertakings (PSUs). "The issue was discussed at the co-ordination committee meet.

Discussion does not mean we agreed to it," polit bureau member Sitaram Yechury said. After Bhel, the Left leadership had sent signals of being open to considering a finance ministry proposal for divesting 'small shares' in non-navratna profit-making PSUs.

However, faced with resistance from within to this, Left parties had second thoughts on a government proposal to divest in four profit-making PSUs, including 5% in Neyveli Lignite, and said an emphatic "no" to any disinvestment of profit-making PSUs.

Thursday's Cabinet decision has revived the policy war over disinvestment with the Left dubbing it as creeping privatisation. Refuting the government's argument that it would stop at divesting small shares, the Left sees the move as the tip of the iceberg.

"Profit-making PSUs should not be disinvested. If the Centre wants to mobilise resources it should explore other ways like tapping tax arrears. It should not be selling its assets," Mr Yechury said. But he did not spell out how the Left parties will put pressure on the government to review the decision. He also said the NDA had already divested 12.85% stake in Nalco, of which Hindalco bought 4.5% shares.

CPI issued a statement threatening to launch an agitation against the decision to disinvest in Nalco and Neyveli Lignite saying it went against the NCMP. The Left parties had also come under pressure from its trade unions, Citu and Aituc, against any disinvestment of these PSUs and said the percentage was non-negotiable.

Aituc issued a statement recalling that employees of Nalco had carried out struggles against the NDA's decision and now the UPA was also moving in the 'wrong direction'. It said that though the mines minister had announced that proceeds from the disinvestment will be used for expansion of Nalco, the government decision was not on those lines. Aituc said it will intensify its struggle against disinvestment of profit-making PSUs.

The two candidates vying to replace outgoing Los Angeles City Atty. Rocky Delgadillo clashed Wednesday night in another debate laced with personal attacks over their respective records on ethics, their legal clients and contributors to their campaigns.

For months, Westside Councilman Jack Weiss has lambasted San Pedro attorney Carmen "Nuch" Trutanich for representing private clients accused of environmental crimes and has argued that those cases could lead to a wave of conflict issues for the city attorney's office if Trutanich wins the runoff election.


But Trutanich tried to turn that guilt-by-association argument back on his rival at the Westside Jewish Community Center, saying voters should view Weiss' contributions from developers, lobbyists and lawyers who do business with the city as far more troubling.

The hourlong forum sponsored by the Los Angeles League of Conservation Voters ranged across topics from gang injunctions to the city's dwindling water resources. But both candidates repeatedly steered the discussion back to their chief criticisms of each other. Trutanich drilled into the complaints of some of Weiss' constituents that he has too often been absent from council chambers and too quick to side with developers.

Weiss, a former federal prosecutor who also served as chairman of the Santa Monica Bay Restoration Commission, noted that Trutanich's clients include a boat captain who admitted shooting at sea lions, and Warren E&P, which is facing eight criminal counts related to 2007 oil spills from its Wilmington refinery operations. Throughout the debate, Weiss read aloud from a California Lawyer article that his opponent co-wrote on defending environmental crimes and mocked Trutanich's statements that he helped his clients comply with environmental laws.

"I am not going to coddle environmental criminals," Weiss said. "I will throw the book at you the first time you break an environmental law in this city."

Dismissing Trutanich's work as an environmental prosecutor in the district attorney's office in the 1980s -- which he left to go into private practice -- Weiss charged that "putting Mr. Trutanich in charge of enforcing our environmental laws is like putting a lawyer from Philip Morris in charge of enforcing our health laws."

"I've put environmental polluters in jail; he's put them on his contribution list," said Trutanich, whose campaign cited contributions to Weiss from ChevronTexaco and from an employee of a Sherman Oaks metal company that was fined for hazardous waste violations.

When Weiss said he had never represented development interests as a lawyer and asked his opponent if he could say the same, Trutanich responded: "That's because you've never been a lawyer."

"Was that a yes or no, you've never represented development interests?" Weiss asked.

"I don't think I ever have represented a developer," Trutanich replied. "But I know that you have -- in the council chamber."

The runoff is May 19

COLUMBUS, Ohio — Pressing a contrast with his rivals, President Obama expanded his critique of the Republican budget blueprint Tuesday to focus on education policy, arguing that Mitt Romney would reverse his administration's policies to aid education despite the consequences to the economy.

For the president, who addressed a crowd of about 3,300 people at Capital University on the eastern edge of Ohio's capital city, the policy wasn't just about politics. It was also personal.


Drawing on his and his wife's struggles to pay off student debts, Obama said at the outdoor rally that he was familiar with the difficulties of paying for college.

"We've been in your shoes," he said. "I'm only standing before you because of the chance that my education gave me. So I can tell you with some experience that making higher education more affordable for our young people — it's something I've got a personal stake in."

Democratic officials call education "one of the most important economic issues facing our nation." The stop was the first of three in the next days at either college or high school settings.

The president's campaign is eager to highlight how a budget proposal offered in Congress by Rep. Paul D. Ryan, the GOP vice presidential pick, would affect key areas beyond Medicare, the focus of initial skirmishing after Romney added the Wisconsin lawmaker to the ticket. But the campaign is also seeking to reignite enthusiasm among younger voters, like the ones present at the rally and the ones he interacted with at an earlier unscheduled stop on the campus of Ohio State University.

The Romney campaign responded to Obama's focus on education by saying that under his leadership, "too many young Americans are suffering from higher college costs, more debt, and a lack of good jobs when they graduate."

"Today's policies are just more of the same from a president who hasn't fixed the economy or kept his promises to the young people who supported him four years ago. The Romney-Ryan plan will deliver 12 million new jobs to help recent graduates — and all Americans — enjoy a more prosperous future," spokeswoman Amanda Henneberg said.

The Obama campaign argued that Ryan's budget, which Romney has said is similar to his own proposal, would require spending cuts that would gut many of the proposals Obama has pushed through.

The president in his remarks never mentioned Ryan by name, though he referred to congressional Republicans more broadly and alluded to what he said was Ryan's plan to "voucherize Medicare."

But his main focus was Romney. He spoofed comments the Republican made at Ohio events — including one in which he said students who couldn't afford college should "shop around," or that they could borrow money from their parents.

"Not everybody has parents who have the money to lend. That may be news to some folks, but it's the truth. So what Gov. Romney's offering us is not an answer," he said.


Obama said he hadn't just "talked the talk," but "walked the walk" on education, boosting Pell grants, tying student loan payments to incomes, among other policies.

He urged students to make sure they registered to vote, at the very least. Republicans "know their economic plan isn't popular.... So they're betting on the fact that you get so discouraged that you decide that your vote doesn't matter."

"Young people especially, I'm going to need your help," he said. "Let's show them your voice makes a difference."

The education push has added resonance in Nevada, where Obama traveled later Tuesday for a speech at Truckee Meadows Community College in Reno. Earlier this month the Obama administration approved Nevada's request for a waiver from No Child Left Behind, making it the 33rd state to receive one.

On Wednesday, he will round out the two-day campaign trip with an event at a North Las Vegas high school, before traveling to New York for fundraising events.

With the Nov. 6 election in Oxnard drawing near, the issues raised by the mayoral candidates at the beginning of the campaign have taken a back seat to personal attacks and charges of political mudslinging.

The attacks have ranged from allegations that one candidate has never had a job to accusations that another was once a pimp.


"I think it's a real sorry state of affairs," Supervisor John Flynn said of the campaign.

In contrast, the campaign for two council seats has remained subdued, with the 12 candidates spending most of their energy promoting their qualifications.

The six mayoral candidates are Nao Takasugi, a retired grocer and four-term incumbent; Councilwoman Dorothy Maron; Scott Bollinger, a self-employed investor; John Cobian, a court interpreter; Deborah DeMoss, a homemaker and saleswoman; and John Soria, a semi-retired administrator.

When candidates filed nomination papers in August, the most prominent issues discussed were the pace of development, the city's financial problems and the lack of affordable housing.

As the campaign gained speed, however, attention focused on personal attacks.

Early in the race, in an August press release, Bollinger, a strong critic of the city's financial policies, blasted Takasugi.

The statement accused the mayor of spending all his time raising money and characterized Takasugi as a "self-appointed ambassador" for Oxnard.

Takasugi fired his own volley that month in a controversial campaign letter he distributed door-to-door to residents.

The letter said Maron has been involved in illegal secret meetings with two other council members.

"Getting the job done with the members of the City Council fighting and grandstanding to get newspaper headlines is very difficult," the letter said. "Also the illegal backroom deals clearly made by council members must end."

Maron, who has characterized herself as a "slow-growth" candidate, denied the allegations and accused Takasugi and his campaign consultant John Davies of political mudslinging.

At the request of Bollinger, the district attorney's office investigated and this week concluded that there was not enough evidence to support the allegations.

Bollinger said the campaign has become heated, but accused Takasugi of initiating the personal attacks by sending out "rancid hit mail."

"When someone comes out and throws mud into your face they are inviting you into a mud bath," he said.

DeMoss, a political novice who has stayed clear of the fray, said the attention of the campaign has turned away from the vital issues facing the city.


"I think it's too dirty," she said. "It's gotten way out of hand."

Flynn, the county supervisor who represents Oxnard, agreed.

"We've had good, clean elections here in the past," he said. "This election has dramatically changed what has happened in the past."

Cobian, who has campaigned for more affordable housing, was the target of an attack via a news article sent anonymously to residents throughout the city.

The article, a profile of Cobian that appeared in a local newspaper in July, 1983, said Cobian was a pimp when he was a boy living in Tijuana, Mexico.

"I was the youngest pimp in TJ," Cobian was quoted.

In an interview, Cobian dismissed the article, saying he was misquoted.

Soria, however, who cites Cobian as a longtime acquaintance, said the article was accurate. Also, he contended that Cobian had been arrested several years ago by Oxnard police.

Court records indicate that Cobian was arrested in July, 1974, on suspicion of attempting to purchase stolen merchandise. After a trial in Municipal Court, he was found guilty of trying to buy a television from an undercover police officer, according to court records.

Cobian was fined $300 and sentenced to three years' probation, court officials said.

In an interview, Cobian said he was arrested by Oxnard police in retribution for the attention he said he brought to alleged police brutality and abuse in the department.

In October, residents received another controversial campaign mailer signed by six supporters of Takasugi, including Planning Commissioner Tony Grey, former Chamber of Commerce President Sue Chandwick and Bill Lewis, president of the Oxnard Peace Officers Assn.

The letter referred to a mayoral forum at KADY-TV earlier that month and described Takasugi's challengers as "five adults acting like school house bullies, class whiners and name callers."

"These five candidates for Oxnard's highest elected office did not offer one fresh idea, not even an old idea," the letter said. "All they did was point fingers and make outrageous statements."

This week, a campaign mailer distributed by Takasugi's campaign attacked Bollinger and Maron.

"At 39 years old, Scott Bollinger does not have a job," the literature said. "As far as I can tell, he has never had a job."

Bollinger rejected the accusation and demanded that the mayor prove his accusations.

Takasugi's mailer accused Maron of being "part of the bickering, illegal backroom deals and high-spending City Council."

Although Maron had promised early in the race to stay clear of such charges and countercharges, she called a press conference on Wednesday to respond.

Maron told reporters that Takasugi had violated an oath he signed in August promising to run a clean campaign, and she then contended that the mayor's campaign was guilty of sexism.

"One of the things about mudslinging is that the person who is hit with the mud is stained but the other thing is that the person who throws it is also stained," she said.

A 33-year-old Van Nuys man was arrested after his DNA was linked to the 2002 rape of an unconscious 16-year-girl in a South Glendale motel, police said.

The Tri-Cities Fugitive Apprehension task force arrested Armen Shakhbazyan about 5 p.m. Thursday after tracking him to an auto body shop in Van Nuys, said Glendale police Sgt. Tom Lorenz.


He faces two felony counts of rape of an unconscious victim and willful harm or injury to a child likely to produce great bodily harm, according to Los Angeles County Superior Court records.

Police released few details about the incident, which they said is still under investigation.

Lorenz said the then-16-year-old girl reported that she was raped in May 2002 by a man at the El Rio Motel on the 1500 block of East Colorado Street.

The girl's recollection of the rape was vague because she was unconscious during the attack, he said.

The rape became a cold case because police were unable to track down her attacker. But in May 2010, Glendale detectives were notified that Shakhbazyan's DNA matched samples collected in the rape, Lorenz said.

He is being held without bail and is scheduled to be arraigned Wednesday in the Los Angeles County Superior Court in Glendale.

NEW YORK — The state prosecutor in former U.S. Labor Secretary Raymond J. Donovan's $7.4-million grand larceny and fraud trial began his closing argument Wednesday by blasting defense lawyers for "name-calling and throwing mud at the prosecutor."
Stephen R. Bookin, assistant district attorney in the Bronx, told the 12-member jury that defense lawyers had directed attacks "at me, personally" to divert attention from the prosecution evidence presented during seven months of testimony.


"They tried to make me the issue," Bookin said in a low, calm voice. "I am not the issue."

Bookin's comments came after nine defense lawyers repeatedly attacked and mocked the 38-year-old prosecutor during two weeks of defense summations in the enormous, dingy courtroom at State Supreme Court in the Bronx.

No Defense Testimony

Defense lawyers, who presented no evidence or witnesses of their own, have attempted to paint Bookin as a villain who prosecuted Donovan out of personal ambition and to embarrass the Reagan Administration.

"Who knows where this will lead?" said John Iannuzzi, the last of the defense lawyers, as he concluded his case Wednesday. "Maybe City Hall? Maybe Hollywood? Hollywood!"

Iannuzzi told jurors that Bookin was "telling the story like a madman walking through the halls of a madhouse."

Iannuzzi said he didn't want to "smear" the district attorney. But he added: "There was misrepresentation; there was fraud; there was deceit in this case. But the fraud and deceit was not practiced by the defendants. It was practiced by the district attorney's office."

The historic trial, now in its ninth month, thus entered its final phase. Jurors are expected to be given the case early next week. Donovan and seven co-defendants are charged with one count of grand larceny, four counts of false filing of business records and five counts of offering false instruments for filing. If convicted, each could be sentenced to up to seven years in prison and fined.

September, 1984, Indictment

Donovan, 56, was indicted by a Bronx grand jury in September, 1984, and is the nation's first Cabinet officer ever indicted while in office. He resigned from the Reagan Cabinet the followin1730170209insisted that he is innocent of any wrongdoing.

Donovan was charged for activities he allegedly undertook while executive vice president and part owner of the Schiavone Construction Co. of Secaucus, N.J., before he joined the Reagan Administration in 1981.

Bookin told the jury that the case was "simple" and that Donovan and the other defendants conspired in the late 1970s to defraud the New York City Transit Authority of $7.4 million during construction of a $186-million Manhattan subway tunnel.

"Why did they do it?," he asked. "Simple greed."

Bookin said the Schiavone company helped set up a bogus minority-owned subcontractor, the now-defunct Jopel Trucking & Contracting Co. of the Bronx, to qualify for the $186-million subway contract in August, 1978. Under the federally funded contract, the Schiavone company had to use "good faith efforts" to subcontract 10% of the work to a minority-owned company.


"

Donovan's alleged role in the scheme drew little attention during the marathon trial. Bookin said Donovan co-signed 28 Schiavone checks to Jopel, including a $200,000 interest-free loan to help the fledgling company get started.

But Donovan's lawyer, William O. Bittman, said during his summation that Donovan had signed more than 5,000 checks during the five-year period, totaling more than $132 million.

SAN DIEGO — City Councilman Carl DeMaio, a conservative Republican, held a slim edge Tuesday over Rep. Bob Filner, a liberal Democrat, in early vote totals in the race to succeed termed-out Mayor Jerry Sanders, a moderate Republican.

The race was expensive and bitter, with the two candidates holding strongly opposing views on key issues, including the outsourcing of city jobs and the upcoming contract negotiations with city workers over salaries and pensions.


The two emerged as the top vote-getters in the June primary by edging out San Diego County Dist. Atty. Bonnie Dumanis and Assemblyman Nathan Fletcher (I-San Diego).

In the final days of the race, Filner accused DeMaio of being in the pocket of developer Douglas Manchester, who also owns the San Diego Union-Tribune. DeMaio blasted Filner as too volatile and temperamental. Each labeled the other an extremist.

DeMaio, 38, is a relative newcomer to San Diego politics. After arriving a decade ago, he pushed his way into prominence as a gadfly, demanding that the City Council reduce labor costs and outsource jobs; four years ago he was elected to the council from a suburban district.

Filner, 70, a former college professor, spent 10 terms in Congress, after serving on the council and San Diego school board. His political base has been labor unions, ethnic minority groups and blue-collar neighborhoods south of Interstate 8.

DeMaio's campaign outspent Filner's, with a barrage of negative TV advertising. But Filner enjoyed an edge in the city's voter registration: 40% Democrats, 27% Republicans and 28% independents.