I had my first acid cry today.
I put a single tab of trusted, tested, and twice tried LSD measured at 150ug per square under my tongue. It tasted exactly like paper and nothing more. 
If you're going to wait the 1-3 months between uses ..... why not just take MDMA?
Yesterday I took lsd, mushrooms and mdma. 
After tripping I had 100mg diazepam in me with my last Oxazepam 50mg and it didn't take it too long to knock me the fuck out.
I was on benzo's the whole day today too I think, when I finished working I bought a few grams of diesel, got home, took more Diazepam, smoked a gram of the diesel and took two large lines of speed to stay awake and functioning basically. 
I went outside to smoke more and I am walking zigzag through the street 
I heard her sniffing her nose strongly quite a few times and I ask her if she was snorting cocaine
She bought another €20 worth of crack and we headed for my home.
So here I was, in my yard, at 4am, smoking crack out of a metal pipe
I went out with a few friends to have a few drinks and get drunk
You got drunk, blacked out, passed out on the ground, and then got robbed by some random dudes walking by.
Hes recently started dabbling in psyc's, mostly 2c's, hes looking for LSD and other things.
me and my friend are planning on taking 170mg of MDA some time soon.
MDA is usually much stronger than MDMA. I would be cautious with your dosage. 
For a first time I'd think more like 120 mg would be appropriate
The IR pills can feel very "peaky" and the "buzz" you get will probably diminish pretty fast for most people. 
I really don't suggest using meth to study, but if you're going to: never snort, always take orally, and use very low doses like 5-10mg.
If it's legit stuff, it's actually less stimulating than Adderall (using it is d-isomer, which it frequently is), but it sure is a potent dopamine releaser.
I have found it just as helpful as Adderall and much better than methylphenidate.
 hey if I snort 5-10x my normal dose, I'll experience tons of euphoria, why not try it? 
DXM, as in Dextromethorphan? 
This is bullshit just snort heroin before your exams and your guaranteed to ace the fuck out that shit bro. I usually light up my congratulatory DMT bowl on the way out of class so I can ride home with the aliens mannn.
So I've recently been dabbling in cocaine, and surprise, found out I like it ( who doesn't?).
Cocaine is God's way of telling you that you are making too much money.
"Let's buy some coke brah".
I agree it is one of those drugs that if money was no object you would definitely be addicted, that and for me getting good coke in Aus is very hard.
How similar would you say amphetamines are to cocaine? I've never tried cocaine, so I'm curious. 
To be honest, I much prefer adderall to coke - the high lasts longer, and I enjoy it more.
Also, have you ever been around people on coke when you're not also on coke? It's the worst. 
I think you can also sleep easier after a night of coke compared to amphetamines (no fucking way I'm sleeping after racking a couple lines). 
I'd still go with coke, but the price difference (in Europe amp. is dirt cheap and everywhere) and short-liveness of coke is a major factor for me.
When I tried meth I crashed while I was riding in a bus and the girl next to me would not shut the fuck up. 
Well yes, but methamphetamine is lasts way longer than your prescription amps. 
In my experience cocaine is way more jittery than amphetamines. 
If it's good coke I just want more and a bunch just makes me a little tired.
On amphetamine I also keep on drinking, that is the reason your head feels like it will explode.
I've only tried meth.
I personally prefer the feeling of amphetamines. I think they provide a cleaner stimulation. Plus I don't have to snort tons of material up my nose. 
shitty coke (caffeine + ephedrine) is jittery. high puritiy coke is much cleaner than adderall, but also expensive and hard to come by depending on where u live
True, but some people say that coke provides cleaner stimulation. I've never tried coke so I can't say.
Cocaine just makes me nervous. Amphetamines are just pure, power and stimulation. Of course it's impossible to sleep after doing meth but between coke and amphetamine, coke makes me way more nervous. That's pretty much all it does is make me nervous. Meth doesn't do that at all. 
I microdosed on crack for over 15 years.I was already 20 when I started and had no access to kids with ritalin or adderall. Crack was relatively odorless so I could easily hide it from my parents, and later roommates. I had a dealer which I could obtain it from and had 24/7 delivery service and he only dealt with crack and coke. I don't drink, didn't do pot, didn't smoke cigarettes, heck I didn't even drink coffee - it was my gateway drug. My friend did it, gave me some, I liked it and just kept using it. It kept me awake long enough to get through the work day after school and allowed me to still sleep after. My dose probably kept me really awake or alert for about 4-5 hours.
You dabble with some crack, next thing you know... you're smoking weed!
Personally I tried meth before I tried pot. But I had a small oxy habit way before then and they say prescription opioids are the true gateway drug of the 21st century.
There are two types of flavored vodka. 
Because the devil doesn't come with horns and a pitchfork, he comes as everything you've ever wanted. I've tried and loved opioids. Except tramadol. Tramadol was not fun. But I used to have a miniscule oxycodone habit. It was small enough that I did not get physically dependent, but large enough that I was on a routine with it, so to speak. And then later on I got Fioricet with Codeine. Codeine is like the weakest or second weakest opioid, and it was still fucking lovely.
Down here near Atlanta more kids do pills then they do cannabis. The adolescent drug scene is like: oxycodone, Lortab, morphine, Valium, Xanax, temazepam, etizolam, Neurontin, Adderall, weed, DXM. And then there's LSD but it's hard to find, and there's NBOME. There's heroin, crystal, and crack cocaine too, but only an esoteric bunch of people that age are into that, and a lot of them are on that path to destruction. My friend Abigail killed herself not too long ago by ODing on heroin, methadone, alcohol, and benzos. She was into crack and meth too. Oh and everyone drinks and smokes cigarettes.
I know the bay area has a lot but being from san Diego heroin anf meth were pretty popular everywhere. It also wasnt too abnormal to go with frienfriends and bang a little h or smoke s bowl of shit before wr hung out. It was like our version of having some beers or smoking some weed. 
I think I might want to get some crack.
I did oxycodone before I smoked weed. 
Yea microdosing with crack? Jesus, crack has to be on of the hardest drugs to "just do a little bit."
Every time I pick up a 20 rock of crack, I end up picking up another 600 dollars worth throughout the night. Then I'm overcome with guilt.
I feel like this isn't too much different than all the people on adderal. 
Buying crack off the streets is a whole lot different than getting a government regulated medication 
Opiates and it escalated to meth. I stopped short of heroin or any injectables. I used crack as a tool to help me stay awake and also to overcome my social anxiety. But I took opiates and meth to get high. I had problems and I needed to escape my problems with that sense of euphoria. I was messed up. That was only just 4 months ago.
Been terribly addicted in the past. Since a 2 year period of sobriety, I've always turned it down. Don't want to go down that road again. I hate the idea of not being able to have a fun night without doing a bunch of coke - that's how it turned out for me. When making plans with friends, the question was always, "Will we be able to do coke there?" If the answer was no, then I'd stay home and do coke by myself. Terrible way to go through life.
Everyone wants more cocaine, most people just don't know it yet.
Coke is damn boring after a while, same conversations, same people, same shit. This was the reason I quit. 
The same could be said for any drug circle, only the words are different. With weed the first one might not apply but whose packing the next bowl/rolling the joint, why doesnt everyone smoke weed, I had the best bud the other day shit was so dank, fuck we're out of weed.
Well I don't find that's the case. In my experience herb circles are full of creativity and absurdist humor, and random digressions into complex topics that at least seem interesting at the time, much more so than what I described - most coke digressions were either OCD trivia, grandiose scheming or soap opera bullshit - but then I've always wondered how much of that is just the limited mentality of the specific people that were really into blow at the time. I can't claim it as a general rule.
Out here west coast US among older heads (and even at the time among my friends and I) at least weed is part of the background. There's not too much talking about it in detail except among growers, and no one I know has ever run out of weed for even 5 minutes in at least 20 years. So it's just a little bit of hey nice flavor, grind up some of this next but it's not really a topic of conversation.
Yes, I also quit drinking largely for similar reasons. I think coke and alcohol are quite similar in a lot of ways including this social aspect as well as the complex addiction/dependence/safe use profile where some people are fine, some have a little problem and some are completely fucked on it.
I also just don't like the drug effect of alcohol that much, not a CNS depressant guy in general.
Honestly, I'm not a fan. To me, coke was like being on Ritalin and a strong cup of coffee. I can fill my prescription and get a latte for much cheaper. To each their own.
I don't think you've had good coke. 
This is very true. I had good coke for the first time a little while ago and it was smooooth as cream, the whole experience, right up until the horrible guilt hangover all coke seems to have. Still not worth it. 
It definitely isnt a drug that is physically addictive like heroin, meth etc. But habitual use cand lead to just that your habit of using the drug to sleep, watch a movie, interact with people at a party etc. It is not as strong of a habit as one might get from harder substances. Its comfortable to be high while playing video games, heading to bed, or hanging with friends. One might start to ask themselves well why not be high to do this that and the other. Consequently doing things without being stoned becomes less desirable that doing them sober. 
I've been addicted to weed for a good decade. 
Ive been smoking almost everyday for 3 years. Lately its been making me very self conscious and depressed so i finally quit and i feel like i have so much more energy. I can do anything. 
I've smoked it now pretty much daily for 15 years. There are times when I know I need a break, so I have one. Unfortunately, it took circa 12 years of daily use and a slippery slope before I realised this. Now I can take or leave it, however I usually make sure I have some for the weekend as drinking is not my thing... unless I have coke
I think I would disagree on the opiates. At least from what I've seen. Most opiate users become "addicted" pretty quickly, but it really depends on what you mean by addicted. And There's no numbers or accurate statistics on it that I'm aware of, so I'm going on personal anecdotal evidence.
I was also speaking anecdotally. I've known of several people who've managed to use opiates on and off without becoming addicted on a week to week basis. I've also known of people who haven't been able to keep their use under control in the same situation and became dependent for a period.
I disagree with what you said about opiates. I've fucked around with basically every sort of drug. I'm relatively healthy, mentally and physically. But opiates nearly got me like no other drug had. Specifically tramadol. It's not like coke where you have the word cocaine flashing around your brain. Cocaine. Anyone got coke? Should we do another line? I want another line. COKE, COCAINE, SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND. Fortunately coke is far to expensive for me to ever consider using it more than a couple of times a month. I'd rather smoke weed.
Tramadol is like, mmmmmm that was good. Wait an hour and I'll have another one. And another one, and another one. It's not fiendish like other drugs. Its morish. A week later I realised I had barely left my bed all week. 
Fortunately I ran out and I haven't touched opiates since.
I know 8 people that use/used cocaine and none of them have ever been addicted to anything other than cigarettes. Not everyone gets addicted, if you've got an addictive personality then watch out though.
I think doing it recreationally makes it more enjoyable. I've had times where I've gone on a short night binge and killed an eightball with friends and also don't little lines throughout the work day. The best times have been with month breaks. Same goes with ecstasy. Too much ruins the essence and of course could lead to addiction. Plus, honestly, I don't have the type of money to be going through eightballs every couple of days. 
Been using cocaine recreationally for years. I do it every now and then, when I feel like it. 
Yes, of course you can. It's called setting rules for yourself and not breaking them. On that note I would never be able to afford a cocaine addiction. Putting in the 20 bucks so we can get some in a group is a big splurge for me. Anyway coke sucks. I have no desire to do anymore because all it does is make me nervous. It's just like anxiety in powder form for me. 
Some people try opiates and hate them some people get rocked and love them, thus starts the love affair that ruins lives. Some people do blow and its so so but some do it and find themselves thinking "I wish I could feel like this all the time"... Welcome to addiction in the making
I personally stay away because of its very direct involvement in the mesolimbic dopamine pathway which is essentially your brain's region dedicated to rewarding you for doing something that it wants you to do again.
So I've been wanting to try acid/shrooms or psychedelics for a while and I want to experience it with my gf. However, she feels like she's not ready for it or just doesn't want to do it for another few years. She says she's heard that acid is such a life changing experience and that people aren't the same anymore because it changes the way they think. I tried to tell her that from what I've read, a lot of people just think of things differently in a positive way or have realizations that they benefit from while having a great trip. Now im not trying to force her into anything, I just want to more accurately inform her about the change psychedelics have on sober life. Could you guys tell me your opinion on this or how you guys would respond to the whole drastic life change aspect of psychedelics?
Personally, I'm pretty stable and I don't feel they changed much - just opened my awareness of my "third eye" and made me appreciate patterns and beauty in everyday life a bit more. I can never go back to pre-psychedelia and pretend I haven't been there, so there's that.
My first psychedelic realization was "holy crap I understand the seventies."
In my experience LSD can make you look at your life differently. My first time tripping changed my whole life, but only in that it helped me realize that I thought the wrong things were important and I didn't recognize what really matters. Didn't force these changes on me, just opened my mind up to a different way of understanding the world around me.
Psychedelics have changed me forever (positively) but its not as serious as you think. I like to compare it to taking a vacation to a country that's very different to where you are. When you get back you realized you learned so much about what is out there and you'll never forget it. It may have even shown you a new outlook on how some part of life works that you didn't even think of before.
Hi! So I had a pretty decent trip combining 250 ug LSD, 0.5g Shrooms, 200mg MDMA, 200mg Ketamine and 10mg 2C-E and experienced something that I have experienced once before and was curious about what it is. I try to write a small trip report, but can't write much about it, because of amnesia.
T+0h (10:45AM) I dropped a pill of 50mg DMH (Dimenhydrinat) to prevent nausea afterwards.
Chatting with my friends on Facebook and IRC with my laptop in my bed, mainly just killing some time.
T+0.30h Dropping the LSD and Shrooms.
I was a bit tired because of the DMH, but nausea was no problem anymore.
T+1.00h Dropping the MDMA.
I am still writing with my friends and I already felt, that there is something coming up. I started to listen to music. I like trap music the most because it sounds just gorgeous on drugs.
T+1.30h I felt the MDMA creeping up with immense euphoria, so I had to get up and snort the Ketamine that I cut with 2C-E when I prepared the stuff.
From one moment to the next, the reality that I used to know disappeared and I could literally feel, how all these substances raped my thought back and forth. Ego loss at its best. My hallucinations where indescribable. The music made me feel like I am on an oversized festival where I was standing in the spotlight and just party the shit out of me - it was amazing. The unlimited amount of euphoria unfolded, when the drop smashed into my ears. I felt like this is some kind of God mode.
T+4.20h (03:05AM) I came back from my hallucinated world and started to see stuff again. Music was still on and reading was nearly impossible because of the ketamine. Typing was still quite fine though. I felt thirsty so I took a big sip from my water bottle, felt pretty refreshening. I experienced that 2Cs through the nose are completely different from oral consume. Nasal I get crazy OEVs/CEVs, but the duration is only like 2-3 hours.
Spent a full hour just being rekt, to come back to earth and being able to read again.
t+5.20h Memory gets cloudy, I start to hallucinate things like they were like gum. I experienced that only once before on a Jediflip when I started to smoke weed. I felt like im getting delirious. When I didn't focused to stay awake, hallucinations begin to morph and I feel really weird and start to panic attack. Audio hallucinations underlined everything. It sounded like something would break together, but I can't tell what it exactly is. When I focus again, it needs some time for the hallucinations to get back. It seems like they build up faster than they go away. This is gross. This is the moment where I can't decide if stuff I did or have done are real or imagination. I tried not to panic, but chill. Only waiting helped, so i tried to do a mix of IRC and sleep.
Last I did shrooms I spent the last hour in a sort of delirium as in I had just straight gibberish running through my mind and I had to fight to keep my thoughts sane and rational....I came down an hour later but that whole hour I was curled up and sweaty and gibberishy
Swim took like 4 beers and one and a half tabs of acid last weekend and still feels really weird. The trip was okay and swim noticed anything weird, though maybe went to bed before the trip was completely over. (swim was exhausted because he was still hungover for the last night of heavy drinking lol). However when swim woke up he still felt a bit like trippin', and even after a week it feels like the world is spinning around, dizzy and generally weak. Also concentrating on things is hard and it seems like the world is just slightly off, a bit like on the trip.
Probably has to do with the alcohol abuse to some extent but LSD definitely caused it... What to do, is this normal and does it go away by itself? Never happened before and the acid in question was same.. Exercising seems to intensify the condition and just chilling without staring at a screen makes it go away almost completely.
A little more than two weeks ago (16 days) I ate 6 sheets of 200ug tabs of LSD acquired off the Silk Road (50 tabs each, so approximately 60mg of LSD if the vendor is to be trusted). It was the most intense experience of my life and I can really only remember patches of the trip. Nonetheless, it was very positive and I felt great over the next few days as the residual effects of the trip wore off.
I mean, you can do it lol. If you snort it, that combo actually feels kinda cool.
But coke directly takes down the roll. It stops the dopamine flow, resulting in less molliness and less cokedness.
Dickish, but you could easily sell it to someone for at least what you're in it for. Tell them it's coke + m and some people will be all over it.
Okay so I've been taking hydrocodone pretty regularly since late 2010. I've run out and dont want to/cant get anymore so I'm trying to stop. I've got Tramadol that I've been taking to try to ween me off of the hydrocodone. I was probably taking near 4/day they where 10-325 and I would split them in half to try to take less. I'm down to about 10 Tramadol and I can't get anymore of those. So what should I do? I honestly feel alright so far I just want to know what to expect. I'm going to have to go to my current job for the first time without taking these pills in the next few days. (I had a different job before I started).
I'm about to run out of Tramadol after being on hydrocodone for quite some time. What do I do?
My story begins in the summer of 2008. I had to get surgery and i was prescribed vicodin for the pain. I was on vicodin for about 2 months. Then the dr. felt it was time to take me off of the painkillers. I started relizing that maybe 8 hours after my last dose that i wasn't feeling so good at all. I was hot then cold, very sweaty, vomiting, had the runs, my whole body hurt i was in bad shape. At this point i had no Idea what was happening to me and why i was feeling this way so i went to the hospital. Where again i was prescribed vicodin for my pain and i noticed that as soon as i took the vicodin i felt much better. I mean it was as if it magically went away. At this point I relized that i was physically addicted to this medicine.
All i knew was that i NEVER wanted to feel the sickness i had felt before again. So i began buying pills on the street. I went from vicodin to percocet to oxycontin, to opanas, to HEROIN. I couldnt believe that I was using heroin. Never in my whole life did i imagine that i would be using heroin. But i always said i would NEVER EVER use a needlem nope not me. Well before long i was shooting up. I lost everything! I alienated my family and felt so alone. I ended up homeless living in a basement. I lost all selfworth. The sad part is i didnt even care, as long as i got my next fix that was all that matterd to me. I began getting into trouble legally still didnt care. This is how much power this drug had over me. I remeber nights my mom crying and praying that she didnt get a phone call saying i had died from a overdose.
At this point my mom knew i was addicted to pills but not heroin. She always asked me if i was using heroin but i always denied it. Now its about 2009 and my mom ends up getting knee replacement surgery. So of course i offer to take care of her because i know shes gots of pain pills. Unfortunetly, my mom too became addicted to opiates. She began experiencing the withdrawl that she once used to cradle me through. We began using pills together. My mom was a church going missionary that had it all until pain killers came into her life.
Yes heroin has consumed me, I don't remember letting that happen it just kinda of happened. All I did was answer the knock at the door. Heroin did the rest. And while I was distracted it made friends with my two daughters as well. We are all now addicted.
I have been smoking full-on for about 5 years now and it has come to the point that I need to do it every day.  I still have a good job and stuff, I can restrain myself for short periods. All my friends are pot-friendly so they don't mind too much, though I try not to be visibly high around them unless we are all smoking. 
I guess that's what being stoned is to me.
think of weed as something spiritual thats what i do i smoke to feel at peace and chill out but never use it as an escape cause thats where the problem starts in the very monent you use weed as an escape your making a huge mistake you are being irresponsible just respect the herb, control it, know you limitations 
I was out drinking with a friend and we had too much.
 After a couple of hours Marcus was fairly drunk and talking up a rather unattractive young lady. A few minutes later they headed upstairs together. About five minutes passed and John, who was also rather intoxicated, stood up and went after them. 
Five of us spent the weekend in Juarez a while back (before it was so murdery). One dude drank nothing but tequila
My girlfriend at the time got completely smashed by trying to play some catch up. She showed up 2 hours later than everyone else and decided chugging some Smirnoff would be the best way to catch up.
20 years old, let friends stay at house after a party, continue drinking into the night.. go to bed. wake up next day, go into living room where I had 3 friends sleeping. poop everywhere...
My Freshman year of college me and my small group of friends went to my boyfriends family's cabin for a weekend of drinking. 
To be fair, when you're drunk, and you drop a slice of pizza on the ground, it's a pretty fucking serious issue. 
My exgf once showed up at 2 in the morning unannounced after we had been broken up for 2 weeks. She is hammered drunk
t was always the same big group of friends, and it was always enjoyable because people never got destructive or violent and we all just had a great, drunken time. So, for reference, this house had two bathrooms: One downstairs by the kitchen, which was perpetually in use during parties. The other was upstairs and generally didn't get used unless it was an emergency. So anyway, this one party is getting pretty crazy. Someone brought a bottle of 151 and we're all pretty wasted. End of the night, the roommates and I say goodnight and head upstairs.
Hey is that vodka redbull?! Let me try it!
A big group of my friends went out one night after some pretty serious pregaming. They get to a bar, drink some more; everyone's really wasted and a couple hours pass. Eventually the group reconvenes and decides to call it a night.
I know a guy who got so drunk that he asked another pretty muscular dude to punch him in the face. It broke his chin in multiple places and at the hospital he blew a .40.
A friend of ours decided to get really hammered and started his 21st off with a long island iced tea. Three or four hours later we are sitting in jimmy johns drunker than a sea captain after a long voyage and realize "holy shit we lost him." We found our friend two blocks away waving at cars and promptly walked him to a nearby restaurant for some water and rest. He ends up throwing up on himself as we wait for our ride and we carry him to the car. As we near his apartment to end the night he passes out and shits his pants. He was in bad shape. He still made the effort to tell us to "fuck off" and "go away" as we carried his limp body up the stairs to his apartment. 
Got drunk one night in college with a couple friends. Towards the end of the night another friend if ours showed up and asked if we wanted to smoke a bowl. Against the more sober judgement of mixing drugs, we agreed. 
Wild Turkey American Honey is a dangerous thing. I'm not man enough usually to just hamfist a ton of booze unmixed, but I could drink that stuff form the bottle until I needed hospitalization
I prefer White Russians, because that's just my opinion, man. 
I am by no mean a drinker and so one long island is enough to make me lag.
I don't mind Woodchuck when it's the draft (the granny apple is too sweet), but only if there's nothing better around. Woodchuck is bottom of the barrel to me.
I just like Strongbow's taste. Curiously, we don't have premium cider in the states, we just have beer and (pitifully few) bottled ciders. It's hard to find a bar that serves cider at all, and draft cider is even more rare. I would love to check out premium draft ciders someday.
My first foray into drinking was stealing my mom's gin and taking shots of it. Ever since then I have hated it (we all have one if not more). I just remember how horrible it was warm.
So, of course, for all my friends 21st birthdays I would always request the bartender to warm up slightly a shot of their lowest shelf gin - my friends and I always tried to come up with new horrible shots to make each other drink for our 21st birthdays. They almost always puked on that one haha... Simple and effective.
Usually I mix it with Diet Cola but I'll often drink it straight. My favorite is Jack Daniels but I'll mainly buy Evan Williams because it's so much cheaper and tastes so similar to it. I'm actually branching out a bit and trying other whiskeys but as of now EW is the current best bang for buck in my house.
In my bar, I would pour you an ounce and a half of scotch and three quarters of an ounce of drambuie. Then I would upcharge for the drambuie. It would scarcely be a full glass of "whiskey," and I would probably disagree with your choice of adding anything to your scotch. 
I like my drinks strong and bitter.
If i'm making a mix drink then it is a lime rickey. Gin, limeade, dash of sprite, crushed ice. 
Whiskey straight, red wine, or a stout depending on my mood. Bonus story: I once overheard a young law student type order two shots of bourbon "clean". Gave me a good laugh and I felt way more manly than them (I'm female)
It depends. If I want to get drunk as quickly as possible, a screwdriver with 80% Vodka. If I want to actually enjoy it, shots of Svedka or Jeremiah Weed Iced Tea.
I can't drink beer for some reason. My stomach just repels it.
I have three, one of which is actually named after me at my local bar: one part malibu red, one part new orleans spiced rum (red bottle is best) four parts pineapple juice, splash of grenadine. Two: whiskey old fashioned. I prefer harsher whiskey for this one. Three: reverse sazerac, i.e. coat the glass in rye whiskey and use absinthe as the alcohol base. As a side note, if you use hibiscus bitters (the bartender i spoke to made his own) it's even better.
Just bought some Midnight Moon apple pie moonshine last week which is amazing, its like apple juice with a burn. The jar has a cinnamon stick in it to add to the flavor, its great. I also love disaronno, makers mark, and southern comfort (occasionally mixed with lime).
I'm a simple man. Bacardi 151 and vanilla coke. No matter the social situation, I always go for at least SOME form of rum and coke.
Straight white tequila. I don't like to drink it as a shooter though, I like to have a slice of lime with it. I'll take a tiny tiny sip of the tequila (about as small of a drink as possible) then I'll take a little nibble of the lime.
I remember when I went to Mexico, I thought that I would be able to show off my tequila drinking skills to the mexicans that I met. I did the normal american thing the first chance I got, put some salt on my hand, licked it off, took a shot, and chomped on a lime. They looked at me like I was an idiot. After taking about 4 shots or so like this, one of them looked at me and said, "What are you doing man!? You're wasting your tequila!!"
Turns out that just about everyone I met down there didn't drink tequila like a shooter, they just sipped on it like it was a cognac along with nibbling on a lime. I thought that was extremely odd, but I was willing to give it a shot..
Now, that's the only way I drink tequila. If you haven't tried taking tiny sips of tequila followed by a nibble of lime, try drinking tequila like that for one night. It's fricking awesome.
I always enjoyed drinking Smirnoff Ice.
I'm also probably a huge douche for liking Smirnoff Ice but eh fuck it.
If i'm just hanging out: beer
If i'm just hanging out, but want more than beer: rum and coke
If i intend to get drunk, but care about the journey there: rum drinks, shots of various others
If i intend to get drunk, fast: anything
I love me a Liquid Marijuana.
The drink is a nice green color, like you'd imagine the Hulk's piss, and it has nice, sweet taste that masks any liquor.
I don't have the ability to hold down much liquor if I drink it straight, eventually I start to gag as soon as I pour it into my mouth. But with a mixed drink like a liquid marijuana, I can drink without gagging, and get in my sugary-drink cravings at the same time.
I am deathly afraid of vomiting, so over-indulging in drugs or alcohol is not high on my list of super fun things to do - to me it is a game of Russian Roulette: I might have a totally fun time, but there is a one in six chance that I will spend the rest of the evening hurling my guts into the gutter.
I slept in late, went to the supermarket, killing time, waiting for my dealer. Maybe I slept: when you've been on the stuff as long as I have, the drugs and one's normal state become so intermixed it's hard to tell which is really down to which.
Heroin has had me in its grip full-time since the last week in January, 2001. I did my few days without heroin, though I certainly knew where to score. 
Three of my friends have lost legs to heroin, due to femoral injecting in the "groin.
THIS IS THE (UNFINISHED) STORY OF MY DRASTIC OVERDOSE SOME 7 YEARS AGO. 
I'd done crack with the local junkies for a year before this happened. 
I held out my arm, and the injection went straight in the mainline. You know how obsessive I can get on a high. Have you ever spent hours doing something half aware, and high as a kite?
They had given me narcan or naloxone to bring me round, but still I didn't wake up till next afternoon.  I was very upset about this afterwards because despite having spent years depressed and having suicidal feelings, now I'd come point blank to death not even trying,  just from an overdose.
And don't you know it, these asshole people who call themselves doctors won't even give me a Xanax or Klonopine. 
Another crack head of the RnR that puffed too many joints. 
Just sitting here drinking an "Iron Maiden" trooper beer and listening to murders in the rue morgue.
Yes, I am a drunk.
I noticed when I drove past your house today all the beer cases.
After a couple of drinks I am as witty as Dorothy Parker and as beautiful as Sophia Loren.
I’ve become no one, so I’ll drink to fill that hole and that hole becomes bigger because that’s what alcohol does, it makes you needy and sad and covetous.
But I drink too much. I drink seven nights a week. Sometimes just a glass of wine but usually two or three or even more. I always seem to have some sort of excuse like, "Today was an exceptionally stressful day so I deserve an extra glass now that it's all done."
I drank often when Elby was a baby to help deal with the stress of a new infant. I found myself drinking more than I had before I became a parent and I drank with other moms to bond and unwind (yes, I'm the cocktail play date mom and I stand by it being a healthy thing to do in moderation, in walking distance, if you’re not me). Before I got pregnant with the twins I had pretty much stopped drinking because I felt it was becoming a habit so when I was pregnant, it was extremely easy not to drink. But when the twins were born and I was home and my milk was dried up and postpartum was setting in, the simplest thing to do seemed to be have a glass of wine.
It was only too darn easy to fall back into the pattern (especially once the babies started having a regular bedtime) of having my wine every night. For some people I'm sure this is a nice thing, a tribunal thing (a drink at the end of the day with their spouse or friends). For others it might be a once in awhile treat to go out and have a couple of cocktails.
I did not start drinking heavily until I moved to another state with my husband and two children. I turned to drinking. The only time during my 8 years of living here that I have stayed sober more than a few weeks is when I got pregnant with my third child at 40. A complete shocker and I was drunk when I got pregnant.
I have not had a drink in 4 days, and I pray I can make it through Memorial Day weekend sober.
I too started increasing my drinking since they were born. Two glasses soon become at least a bottle a night. I have had no booze since Monday and see the doctor again tomorrow. They think my prolonged and daily drinking has caught up with me. I am scared , frightened ashamed, and could kill for a glass of red wine!
I too have developed a drinking problem. With two kids ages 2 and 4, I have gone from drinking very little before kids to a bottle a night. Waking up with shaking hands and a hangover everyday is getting old.
For the first time ever, I will admit that I have a drinking problem now.  My husband and I are in the midst of a messy divorce and I have turned to drinking for relief, as unhealthy as it may be.
I always was just the "fun drunk."
My husband was working very long hours and I was home with a crying baby so I started to have a beer when I was waiting for him.
Fast-forward twelve years and I am an alcoholic. I drink up-to two bottles of wine a night.
I know that I am an alcoholic. My drinking became a real issue after my last son was born. Dealing with 2 year old twin boys and an infant was too much for me to deal with so I would unwind with a couple of glasses of wine. Now, two years later I drink everyday and it is more like 5-7 glasses. I haven't admitted that I am an alcoholic to anyone, including my husband, although I am sure he is aware.
The best part about drinking boxed wine is you can blow up the bag and use it as a pillow.
Let the vodka take you where it will. 
 Hurry up, this bar won’t let me order big pitchers of beer for just myself.
The weed is temporarily burning the grammar section of my brain library.
Him being a republican bothers me way more than his coke problem.
But I am a bit nostalgic for the sweet, swoony buzz from a good drink or two–the kind that used to make me feel warm and liquid and a little light-headed. The kind of buzz that made me both ferociously horny and oblivious to who saw me making out (or more) in taxis, restaurants, wherever. I miss the bliss of getting lost in both the alcohol and the person I’m with so that it feels like there is no tomorrow.
I was never one of those savoring-the-fine-wine types of drinkers. I was more like, “Which drink will get me out of my head fastest?” The drunken podcast was the culmination of one too many mornings waking up feeling like I’d made a fool of myself the night before. I allowed myself the occasional (once or twice a year) drink, but even that–I’ve recently decided–is a bit too much for me to handle.
I don’t know if not drinking makes me a better lover or not. 
She looked at me so intensely, I truly wished I could add something boozy, if only to let her know that I thought she was hot and that I was potentially interested. 
If I were drunk (or if he were), I’d fear that we might go too far and do things we might regret.
Drank Everclear, never even got a buzz and ended up passing out twice in front of someone’s mother.
Phoenix tequila tasting – w/rattlesnake heads on our plates.
Too much red wine, spiked disco ball across the room, spat wine in bartender’s face.
Drinking story would probably be from my high school days. I used drinking to be extroverted and fun. 
My drinking style was punk rock recklessness, a splash of hedonism, & stomach pump on the side.
In past drinking days, personally I would tell peers to monitor my intake. 
I’ve toned down my drinking because I’m not depressed like before. Now I only have one glass of wine every now and then.
The first time I got drunk was during a New Year’s Eve party my parents threw when I was a kid. I stole three unattended glasses of red wine and secretly gulped them down while sitting underneath the kitchen table. 
My first drink was Mad Dog, at a cast party my junior year in high school Then my ex-boyfriend’s new love interest threw up on me and a six-foot-two guy passed out on top of me.
I was eighteen, a freshman Drama major at Howard University, when I had my first drink. It was a strange mixture of Mogen David grape wine and ginger ale. 
The tequila bottle passed by me, and with everyone watching, I took a swig.
I have very early memories of sitting on a barstool when I was two or three, and my dad would give me a shot glass of beer so that I could pretend I was a customer.
Apparently Mormons don’t drink alcohol, so whenever his champagne glass was filled, I would offer to drink it for him so he wouldn’t feel self-conscious.
I had my first taste of alcohol when I was a very young child–maybe five or six. I snuck a sip of my father’s beer. 
I see alcohol as part of living a full life until something goes horribly wrong in your constitution.  I like the feeling of the first or second drink. I choose not to drink because once I start I don’t know when I am going to stop and the consequences of the 3rd, 4th and 5th are not really that cute or sexy. The repercussions of the 6th, 7th and 8th  drink are downright disastrous
 Without a drink, I didn’t know how to have fun. In retrospect, I think that perfect feeling alcohol gave me was presence: a brief flight from time, when I neither dwelled on bitterness of yore nor worried some fear fantasy. That peaceful feeling was soon overwhelmed by an invisible beast who seemed to burst out of my ribcage with a mission to consume whatever alcohol I could scrounge up. 
Then there are the wines that put everything on dim, and on those days, the wine travels to a different place, and I go deeper, further into the darkest corners of my own head, which can be a threatening place made of words that come back to me, my own and others’; turns I made or didn’t take, a gaping emptiness of how did I get here.  
The problem with me is that booze turns me into such a freak show, it actually costs me my ability to choose. Well, I guess I do have a choice technically but it’s not “drink or don’t drink” it’s like “live or die.” When I drink, a switch goes off in my brain that is like “keep going at all costs and don’t stop,” and really that train leads to drugs rather than just more drinks, because I prefer drugs to drinking. 
I don’t drink it if I’m in a self-hating mood and I don’t lower my defenses when I’m not around people I trust.
There’s a tiny relaxation switch that gets flipped when I have a glass of wine — maybe it’s mostly psychological, really, but I feel like I’m loosening my collar and rolling up my sleeves. That’s the way I drink now, compared to the way I drank as a college kid, where drinking was the beginning of a wild party. 
I drink in large part because it makes me feel good, and not just the tipsy, heady, forget-about-your-problems good. I believe that regular, moderate wine drinking makes my body work better. I love the social aspect of drinking.  I love sharing a bottle of wine with my girlfriends.  I love being able to serve my friends a drink when I’m working.  
At parties and dinners, I use a cocktail to relax and open up. Two drinks are my limit. If I have a third drink, I get loud and stupid, and that’s not going to win me prizes in a social setting.
I like the ceremony of it, having a friend over, opening a bottle of wine to drink together.  There can be a real symbolic weight to that, like breaking bread together has weight.
Aside from the incredible variety, what I also love about drinking is the ritual. I have tried to find a way to create another evening habit that has no calories (or alcohol) that can make me feel as at home, relaxed and rewarded as drinking does, but truth is, nothing is quite the same. The idea of an evening walk with my family comes close, but weather, circumstance and layers of responsibility keep interrupting that well-intended notion, while the chilled bottle of wine is right there in the fridge, and I can enjoy it while doing the necessary nightly duties.
I like the way wine removes me from reality just slightly. I don’t like getting drunk, but I love the slight lift of gentle tipsiness, the swooshing elevation of perception.
I never drink alone; I’d rather read, and drinking makes me sleepy.  But when I’m with a group at night, I always enjoy myself more if I have a drink.  
I use drinking as anesthetic and balm. Nothing seems unbearable after the first few glasses of wine. 
I most liked the way a drink could help relieve anxiety and stress—how it seemed to throw a warm blanket over whatever might have been worrying me at the time. 
No. I’m not going to have three drinks, I’m not going to have four. I’m going to have two, and that’s it, folks.
I’m gonna have a drink a day or two. I know how to handle it, so there. I’m proud of the fact that I can handle a couple of drinks.
At some point, perhaps years before the night of my book party, alcohol and drinking began to occupy an increasing amount of my mental real estate. During the workday I eagerly anticipated cocktail hour. Or I perseverated over where to purchase a bottle of wine on my way home from work. 
Between work and home, there were several options for buying booze, but I favored the Best Cellars on Boylston Street and Bauer Wines & Spirits on Newbury. I could walk in, pet the store cat “Spooky,” make a thoughtful selection, be complimented on said selection as I paid, and depart feeling as if I had just had a cultural experience rather than bought liquor.
I preferred to think of my alcohol-purchasing behavior as culturally savvy and was sensitive to the subtleties of less highbrow locations.  Still, I wondered if the people working there ever noticed how frequently I bought wine or liquor. Their poker faces never revealed whether they found it strange for a young, professional woman to purchase two nips of Tanqueray gin and perhaps a quart of milk for good measure. 
Once I had returned home with a bottle of wine, my preoccupation shifted to how I would limit my consumption. That I was thinking about the second glass before I finished the first did not bode well for my ability to control myself. Anticipation dissolved into guilt as I poured a second, third, and sometimes a fourth glass, emptying the bottle in a few hours. Those evenings of drinking at home alone usually consisted of trashy television, mindless online shopping, dozing off on the couch, and a few other fuzzy recollections. 
Drinking helped. It numbed me to my experience and allowed me to get away from myself and my pain, if only temporarily. Eventually even the slightest discomfort led me to the bottle, creating a vicious cycle. When I stopped drinking 6 years ago, those feelings got worse.
I wasn’t anywhere near sober yet when regret caught up with me on the Trailways bus back upstate. And what business had I had drinking mojitos – two of them? I’d never been good at handling hard liquor.
But at the holiday party for the midtown law firm my husband serviced as an I.T. guy, I found myself inexplicably drawn to the tray of tall, sparkly cocktail glasses on the bar, each one garnished with fragrant green mint leaves and a sugar cane stalk for a stirrer. I’d never tried a mojito before. How refreshing and sweet, I thought, and then quickly learned how hard it is to stop drinking something so refreshing and sweet.
At the holiday party two years prior – with maybe only half a glass of wine in me – I’d let her in on my ambivalence about parenthood.
This much I know for certain about the night of the mojitos, the party where I was 43. Almost two years later, thanks to a couple of potent drinks, it remains unclear to me whether I did or I didn’t.
Jen and I were drinking buddies of the best kind—we always had fun, and it never got ugly. When she got tipsy, or even drunk, she never lost her aura—she became even more upbeat, full of laughter, and prone to shouting things like “Woo hoo!” For Jen, drinking was an expected part of life, like eating or breathing. I came from a house where alcohol was forbidden. Even though my mother had been sober since I was nine, I always felt that she was on shaky ground, and that alcohol was dangerous. We invented our own imaginary newsletter, “Boozers and Losers.” Drinking every night went along with that laissez-faire attitude.
We spent many a night drinking together, hooting and hollering at the bar where her sister worked, or at parties. We also spent our share of nights commiserating about men at Dollar Beer nights in our neighborhood bar.
Sometimes she supplied the wine; sometimes I did. Red in winter; white in summer. Gato Negro because it was cheap. Ca’ Del Solo because we liked the bottle. Drinking with Jen was like the hug at the end of the day. Was the friendship the hug or the drinking?
When you’re drinking the right alcohol in the right amount with the right friend, the whole world seems to take on a rosy glow.
My insensitivity was overwhelmingly obvious to everyone but me, and I hadn’t even started drinking yet that night!  While this doesn’t excuse my behavior, my drinking and my life’s circumstances had me in a bit of a depression. What a recipe for disaster–just add alcohol.
I doubt I need to describe what happened later in the evening after we both had been drinking.  Some people get mushy, but—when drinking–I have found myself in many more contentious situations than kind, compassionate ones. Frankly, I almost can’t describe it because it is very blurry (my drinking can be categorized as some sporadic fun/incident-free moments mixed in with many black and brown outs). 
I found out that my illness goes far beyond my inability to safely consume and metabolize alcohol.  My physical allergy to alcohol is quite nicely paired with a host of insecurities, fears, and coping mechanisms that greatly impact my ability to unselfishly connect.
For me, while alcohol sometimes made moments more exciting or wild, it was always fleeting.
I asked Mike to freshen our drinks in celebration, because we have been talking about this “compatible drinking” theory with family and friends for decades.  Many moons ago, without spending a dime on research (unless you factor in the cost of the alcohol) my brilliant husband came up with the Law of Equivalent Drinking, or as we call it, LED (not to be confused with Light Emitting Diode).   LED, or the Law of Equivalent Drinking, as Mike explained it one night over a round of martinis with friends, provides that everyone–married or not- gets along best with people who drink roughly the same amount. The fact is, we tend to gravitate toward, and get along best with, people who drink like we do–and we know others do too. Mike enjoys the company of men who can appreciate a fine scotch.  We like to share a bottle of wine with dinner.  We like to see the excitement in our friends’ faces when we bring over an oversized glass container of fruit-infused vodka.  We like to start our Saturday night out with a martini.  I have a few wonderful girlfriends that are truly special to me- even though they order a diet coke instead of a glass of wine at dinner.  I get that some people do not like to drink.  I get that some people cannot have a drink and of course I respect that.   But on the whole,we spend an awful lot of time with people who drink like we do.  But I do know for sure that we will share a toast over a nice bottle of Cabernet this Valentine’s Day. And there is no doubt in my mind, that because of Law of Equivalent Drinking, we will finish that bottle.
My parents were European, and some form of alcohol was always close by. They sipped wine at home with dinner, plum brandy or a Bloody Mary with friends. If I asked for a taste, they always said yes, and as I grew into adulthood, we enjoyed countless dinners together during which the wine flowed freely. I’m not sure it was the alcohol that made them love life at those moments, but I imagine it was a potent enhancement. 
I never knew you could drink with your parents till college. My mother is a recovered alcoholic, so we never had liquor in the house, growing up. Some of the most fun I’ve ever had was drinking with my friends’ parents. In college, I so envied my friends whose parents would take us out drinking. A few of my wildest nights in college were spent drinking with my friends’ parents: once, in Paris, drinking wine at La Coupole, and then at various bars and another time, at a fancy dinner in my college town, where the wine was flowing.  Drinking parents are parents who could still have fun and a bonding experience, the one time that adults and their children could even the score. I always hope that I’ll be able to enjoy drinking when it’s appropriate. 
I have a glass of wine at the very end of most days for enjoyment and as a health measure. I admit — wine and cheese are actually my two favorite food indulgences (even over chocolate)! Sure, there are times when I have to resist a second or third glass of wine (or piece of cheese); at those times, a little voice thankfully reminds me - restraint.
I convinced myself that the glass of wine would loosen me up, allow the words to flow, grease the finger joints a little. One glass invariably turned into two, which made it difficult to concentrate and hold the thread of an idea.
When I drank, I spent more time thinking about writing than actually writing.
I had one glass of white wine at the hotel bar before we went out, one glass of Pinot Grigio with dinner, and then one glass of wine at the dance place, before switching to water.
I had the kind of hangover I used to get in college after a room’s party, where I drank all night, mixing vodka and gin and beer and god-knows-what-else. 
I miss drinking when I’m eating a good dinner. There is no doubt that for me, wine not only takes the edge off, but also enhances flavors, adding to my enjoyment of food.
After some experimentation with LSD and mushrooms, the floodgates flew open. Each time I experienced an elevated high, I was able to bring that awareness back into my sober life, at least in part. Having used these psychedelic drugs to reach a certain level of awareness, I was then able to set them aside and pursue spirituality for its own sake. 
Before my breakthrough DMT experience, I tried smaller doses twice as was recommended on so many other DMT posts. During the very first experience, I took only one medium hit and sat back on a couch. Instantly my body felt heavy (with a strong tingling sensation) and my vision turned from sharp edges to wavy lines. This type of body feeling can sometimes be associated with mushrooms, but in this case it came on almost instantly and increased rapidly until I was sure I was going to breakthrough. During my second DMT experience weeks later, I was much more prepared and decided to try a medium dose before going for the gusto. This time, I had a “babysitter” (friend) nearby to take the pipe from me and to check on my every minute or so.. Although the visions and feelings were more intense, I was in a safe place and was open to whatever the DMT experience could bring. There was no doubt about what I was seeing and I explained it afterwards as a 3-D hallucination.  I guess you could say, quite frankly, that DMT causes an out of body experience of sorts.
While it’s hard to say exactly what I saw, my DMT experience was filled with strange and brightly colored fractals in constant motion. I’ve read many instances of people having a difficult time with smoking enough to breakthrough, but I had no such experience. Each time I tried to reach a certain level, I would measure out the DMT, smoke it and… poof!
Oh, at parties I’d take a civil toke on a joint or polite puff on a pipe and pass it along. While I was happy to encourage Maryjane for others, my personal preferences were pills, powders, and potions. Good Kentucky bourbon my mainstay, the occasional dexy for deadlines, and the odd line of coke reserved for romance. But here I was, the only nonsmoker on the High Times masthead, tapped for an official expedition to test a machine that by some cockamamie alchemy converted crappy marijuana into connoisseur quality herb.
It’s 4:20, time for Mary Jane to come out and play. Oh Mary Jane, she is my soul mate, forever bringing me up whenever I am down. Mary Jane is my other half. If I lose sight of Mary Jane, I hunt her down by her distinct, glorious smell. Before I met Mary Jane I was a helpless soul.  And then Mary Jane came along and cast a spell on me. Mary Jane vanquished my fears, manipulating me to be careless in an enriching way I find difficult to put in words. I became Mary Jane’s best friend and she discovered my free spirit, allowing me to find myself. When I see with my flaming red Mary Jane eyes, everything is beautiful. Mary Jane’s allies are able to relax and find themselves joyous by her spirit!  I believe this only happens when one is not satisfied with Mary Jane’s love alone and goes looking for other more pleasing, unhealthy friendships.  If that is the case, you are not worthy enough to dwell in my Mary Jane’s presence. When my mind becomes influenced by Mary Jane, I think more intuitively about my real purpose in this life. I question my thoughts and their existence. Spending time with Mary Jane is a self-enriching experience that one can only personally find. It is illegal for Mary Jane and I to spend time together, but we long for the thrill. My fellow companions of Mary Jane usually join us to cherish the freedom. As soon as we let Mary Jane take over, happiness prevails. We laugh uncontrollably and often times forget what happened only minutes ago. Mary Jane stamps a smile onto our faces that we cannot remove. I spend time with my girl Mary Jane daily. If you told me I was addicted to her, I’d be ashamed. I am not addicted, but rather rejoice the peace she has graced us with on this Earth.  Without Mary Jane I wouldn’t be the thriving, appreciative soul that I am. Without Mary Jane, I would not know myself.  Oh, I love you Mary Jane.
I smoke weed every day, yet it was quite a while since the last time I reflected on the actual reasons for my continued use.
I still didn’t make the connection until a year or so later when I quit smoking for a month by my own volition (a.k.a. what us potheads call ‘tolerance breaks‘). This resulted in another migraine, and was accompanied by the realization that smoking marijuana has to be the reason I don’t get them anymore.
To put it another way, weed doesn’t just help me to have a more lighthearted disposition, but rather it aides in the accurate evaluation of ever day occurrences, such that I don’t put too much thought on inconsequential events in my life (like an awkward social encounter, or something having to do with money). To me, getting high makes very apparent not merely what’s important on the fundamental human experience level, but also what’s important to me as an individual human navigating through that experience.
I don’t drink much anymore. But when I did, I went hard as a mother fucker. And indeed, in my oft inebriated stupor, I fell prey, on a number of occasions, to the unwanted sexual advances of the older ladies. “Why, James,” you’re likely wondering, “what does your history of traumatic bondage-style sexual encounters with older women have anything to do with the reasons you smoke weed?” Answer: Shit like that doesn’t happen when I’m high.
I kicked a nasty drug addiction (which initiated my hiatus), got a real job (no comment on my previous ‘fake’ job), and moved to a new city and state.
I smoked one day during lunch and then had to give a presentation in English class.
I was sitting at home smoking a bowl reading some story about JWoW from Jersey Shore.
It really puzzles me to see marijuana connected with narcotics, dope and all that crap. It's a thousand times better than whiskey - it's an assistant - a friend.
I used to smoke marijuana. But I'll tell you something: I would only smoke it in the late evening.
Instead of taking five or six of the prescriptions, I decided to go a natural route and smoke marijuana.
I enjoy smoking cannabis and see no harm in it.
Why can't I just have relaxed highs like everybody else. Instead of lighting up a joint when 4:20 hits, I'll be lighting a cigarette whilst all my friends are getting high. I wish I could just get high without being overwhelmed with depersonalisation and anxiety.
I remember "Bowling" with friends, which was pretty much like bowling at the bowling alley, but instead of rolling one ball down the lane you're smoking balls of weed.
If you can't handle the headfuck from strong weed, have you considered trying to get some good quality hashish?
Holy fucking shit, i took my first pill of MDMA today.
Seriously, it's been nearly 3-4 years since good pills, what happened. Pretty sure 'xtc' is a thing of the past and most people choose the mellow sleepy brown molly shit.
I've smoked it in a crackie before and it wasn't pleasant. You get high but it's not really worth it. I've smoked a few bongs with mdma crystals in the mix with some dickhead friends and got pretty fucked up off it. It felt kind of psychedelic for about 10 minutes and nothing was real.
Is there a consensus on whether taking amphetamines (including mdma) on an acidic stomach reduces their effect?  I really want to drop tomorrow at an event (tired of snorting it) but I've been having a lot of heartburn problems lately and I think my stomach is generally very acidic.
So I was capping this MDMA and it burned a bit on my finger tips.
With weed, even small use can cloud my mind up and make me worse at studying for days/weeks, but I don't know about MDMA.
In a couple days time, I’m going to be dropping 250mg with a 100mg top up an hour after the 250. However, I’m pretty fucking bored, so if I snorted 50mg of MDMA  now, would i feel anything now, and also, would I still feel good on Saturday?
So my girlfriend dropped about 250/300 mg of high quality MDMA. Half an hour later she is rolling hard but she keeps asking the same questions over and over like not even 30 seconds apart. I'm really worried about this now, but she did drink as well so I'm hoping it was just a bad interaction.
Iknow MDMA and ket is lovely, but I've heard something about the mix of dopamine reuptake inhibitors and MDMA causing problems. Is this true? I want to take MXE with MDMA and I'm not the biggest fan of neurotoxicity.
My first time, I can't remember exact dosage but they were notorious called Shiva, I think.
I took a huge dosage: most insane visuals, massive clarity, and ego suppression.
Anyone got any experience with 25i NBOH? I hear it's a lot like 25i NBOMe, just less potent and with a shorter duration, so someone with experience with any 25i should do.
I plan on taking 2mg of it tomorrow, just because I feel like something different, though I've never experienced an NBOMe or an NBOH before, though I've lots of experience with LSD, have tried AL-LAD and LSZ too as well as trying a few 2-c compounds.
That's called paranoia. Take some benzos with your meth and become speedy chill dude.
2 days ago I had 3 Ritalin LA pills, 2 of them opened.
You could try crushing your Adderall pills and snorting the powder. If you don't give a fuck try downing it with vodka too.
Have been on 10mg 3,4-CTMP for about 17 hours now. but then I redosed another 10mg, snorted this time. I redosed because although I Wasn't high, I was still stimmed as fuck even though I took a fuck load of etizolam. I have like 8 etizolam left.I also am addicted to the etizolam.
If you are still taking anti psychotics, I'm not sure stims will work very well. Basically anti psychotics cancel the effects of most stims. I have taken them for this purpose to get some sleep after a long binge and they certainly cancel out amphetamines.
Just pull apart an inhaler, cut up the cotton rod, and swallow it. If you're looking for just enough stimulation to stay awake you might only want to take half because taking the whole thing can get pretty euphoric at times.
I'm on Abilify and meth does absolutely nothing for me. Besides, if you need to take antipsychotics for a legitimate reason, I wouldn't necessarily recommend fucking with stims, because you'll be predisposed to easily getting amphetamine psychosis. For me personally, I start getting all squirrelly and looking out the blinds after one bowl.
So I'm about to cop a bag of good NYC #4 heroin. It'll be my first time using H and I just have a few questions. I plan on snorting it, because I don't want to waste anything by smoking it and IV is risky on several different levels, not to mention I don't have any access to syringes. I've never snorted anything before though, so could I was wondering if someone could tell me just what snorting H is like?
I can be a major asshole on stimulants but never on opiates, I just feel love. I really think it depends what drug "camp" you fall into. I love stimulants, from d-amphetamine to meth to MDMA to methylone but I could live without them.  I don't know if I can say the same for opioids, l love every single one I touched, but then I know people the opposite of this. Heroin is worse than meth in people predisposed to like opiates and meth is worse than heroin in people predisposed to like stimulants, at least that's what I believe.
Well, heroin feels incredible. It's the greatest drug I've tried. Heroin is a warm euphoric blanket of chemical love that wraps itself around your entire being. As for acquiring a habit, it tends to happen more gradually than that one hit made me an addict. I used occasionally for a few years before I became physically addicted.
I get a very peculiar stimulating effect on any type of opiate. It's nothing like speed, in the sense that my focus and alertness is still shit, but the euphoria is so fucking pronounced and orgasmic that I can't help but do something with myself.
I posted how my friend left me his 15 bags and fresh syringes we bought the night before the day he left for inpatient. I wasn't going to, but I changed my mind and want to bang a few since I'm getting clean for a while once these run out. The only problem is I've only IV'd a handful of times and with 29g 1/2"-1" needles, these are 31g 6mm (I don't know the conversion to inches, think it was like 5/16") and significantly smaller compared to the ones I have used. I basically have virgin veins so I can hit anywhere, what's the easiest to access with these?
He also knows that the weed he gave me was barely enough to get one person high. There are crack addicts more willing to part with their last few rocks. My neighbors get higher off my second hand smoke seeping through the wall than he ever got me.
